# 0.34

### [ApiModule]

- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007

### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- Fixed possible undefined index property during error handling if request from Apple is empty. remp/crm#2015
- Added support for trusted client IDs allowing apps to have different `clientId` than the web application. remp/crm#2016
- Changed exception returned by `AppleAppstoreGateway->checkExpire()` from `\Exception()` to `Omnipay\Common\Exception\InvalidRequestException` which is used by all our gateways if `checkExpire()` is missing.

### [ApplicationModule]

- Fixed missing audit log column entry if the value was unset (changed to `null`). remp/crm#2009
- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code and added missing commands returns. remp/crm#2007
- Fixed typo in file name of `VisualPaginator` component.
- Changed Hermes `RedisDriver` sleep time from 5 seconds to 1 second. This should speed up some asynchronous operations. remp/crm#2046

### [ClvModule]

- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007

### [FamilyModule]

- Added new widget `FamilySubscriptionTypeDetailsWidget` which renders details of family/company subscription type in CRM admin. remp/crm#1855
  - It is attached to place `subscription_types_admin.show.right`
  - For parent subscription type widget renders settings of company subscription and link to child subscriptions. For child subscription type widget renders links to parent company subscription types.
- (Internal) Removed leftover family subscription type meta data. These data were moved into own table `family_subscription_types` - see migration `CreateFamilySubscriptionTypesTable` _(this is issue only with pre-opensource installations)_. remp/crm#1855

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- Fixed possible undefined index property during error handling if request from Google is empty. remp/crm#2015

### [GiftsModule]

- Added `setExtendMethod` method to `ActivatePurchasedGiftCouponsCommand` which sets gifted subscription extension method. remp/novydenik#789

### [InvoicesModule]

- Fixed redirect issue in case of invalid access to proforma gateway form. remp/crm#2027

### [IssuesModule]

- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007

### [PaymentsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Fixed `payment_item_meta` not being copied for recurrent charges. remp/novydenik#817
  - This is marked as breaking because your implementation could rely on the incorrect behavior. Payment item meta fields are now copied on recurrent charges. Please check your modules and its use of `payment_item_meta`.
- Fixed possible issue with items of recurrent payments if VAT of subscription type items changed. Payments would copy items from parent payment with "old" VAT rate instead of using the new one. remp/novydenik#817
- Fixed saving date of update in `PaymentGatewaysRepository->update()`.
- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code and added missing commands returns. remp/crm#2007
- Added returns to `PaymentGatewaysRepository->update()` and `TestOutput` class. remp/crm#2007
- Fixed `PaymentsRepository->copyPayment()` to copy meta values for each payment item. remp/crm#2013
- Fixed issue with already sent headers when PaidExtend upgrade redirects user to the payment gateway. remp/crm#2036
- Added _CID_ filter to the recurrent payments admin listing and fixed minor form UX issues. remp/crm#2050

### [PrintModule]

- **BREAKING**: Removed deprecated `/api/v1/print/change-address-request` API endpoint.
  - If you used it, please change it to `/api/v1/users/change-address-request` and verify your API keys have correct access rights to call the new endpoint. remp/crm#789
- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007

### [PrivatBankarModule]

- Added exception to `PrivatbankarRecurrent->checkValid()`. It doesn't validate token. remp/crm#2007

### [ProductsModule]

- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007
- Added method `ShopPresenter::actionAddToCart($productId)` which makes available URL to directly add product into the cart - `http://crm.press/products/shop/add-to-cart/{product-id}`. remp/crm#2045
- Moved check if the product exists to the top of `ShopPresenter::handleAddCart()` _(before processing addition to the cart)_. remp/crm#2045

### [RempMailerModule]

- Added `address`, `subscription` and `subscription_type` params to `SendNotificationEmailToAddressesGenericEvent`.
- Added support for `sendAccompanyingEmails` flag added to Mailer in `0.29`. remp/remp#675
- Fixed issue with missing `mailTypeId` reference when emitting `UserMailSubscriptionsChanged` email in "unsubscribe all" scenario. remp/remp#675

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- Fixed sales funnel preview that might not work properly when there was user limit set on sales funnel. remp/crm#1991
- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007

### [ScenariosModule]

- Improved speed of Scenario worker processing. Sleep time (lower and upper limit) between processing rounds is configurable - the actual sleep time is computed using exponential backoff. remp/crm#2039  
- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007
- Added return to `TriggersRepository->delete()` & `ElementsRepository->delete()`. remp/crm#2007
- Added `NewAdressHandler` and `AddressChangedHandler` hermes handlers which dispatches `address_changed` scenarios event. remp/novydenik#812 

### [SegmentModule]

- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007

### [SlspModule]

- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007

### [StripeModule]

- Added missing return in `SetupIntentHandler->params()`. remp/crm#2007

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Fixed saving date of update in `SubscriptionTypesRepository->update()`.
- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007

### [UpgradesModule]

- Added support for subsequent upgrades through the `ShortUpgrade` for subscriptions of the same subscription type. remp/crm#1883
  - The behavior is experimental and not enabled by default. See README for more information and configuration steps to enable the feature.

### [UsersModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed response status code to `404 Not Found` when there is no device token found based on request parameters in `/api/v1/users/login` API. remp/crm#1986
  - The API used to previously return `400 Bad Request`.
- Added `confirmed_at` property to various user login/create/info API endpoints. See README for additional details. remp/crm#1999
- Added support for `device_token` pairing in `/api/v1/users/google-token-sign-in` API and `/api/v1/users/apple-token-sign-in`. remp/crm#1986
- Added `confirmed_at` to the BasicUserDataProvider so it's cached for client application to use. remp/crm#2003
- Fixed saving date of update in `AdminGroupsRepository->update()`.
- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007
- Added return to `UsersRepository->update()`. remp/crm#2007
- Added ability to specify `SameSite` flag for cookies set by `AccessToken`. remp/helpdesk#778
- Added scenario criteria to check if user's account is confirmed ("user" - "is confirmed"). remp/crm#1028
- Added optional parameter `gsi_auth_code` to `/api/v1/users/google-token-sign-in` API. remp/crm#1954
- Added `users.dataprovider.google_sign_in` dataprovider placeholder. remp/crm#1954
- Added `AddressScenarioConditionModel` for registering address related scenario conditions. remp/novydenik#812
- Added `AddressTypeCriteria` condition to scenarios. remp/novydenik#812

### [VubEplatbyModule]

- Changed command return codes to Symfony's Command return code. remp/crm#2007
