### [ApiModule]

- Added support for configuration of `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` preflight header. remp/crm#2093
- Added config option for disabling API token stats. remp/crm#2106 

### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- Fixed inconsistency in placeholder emails. Added prefix `apple_appstore_` to unclaimed users created from `ServerToServerNotificationProcessor` to unite it with unclaimed users created from `VerifyPurchaseApiHandler`. Already created users are not changed. remp/crm#2110
- Fixed array_flip-related warning generated on places which used `AppleSignIn` auth model and Apple sign in was not configured. remp/crm#2128

### [ApplicationModule]

- Fixed `Core::command()`. If `ApplicationManager` was initialized, first installation failed because database was not initialized _(migrated)_. remp/crm#2086

### [FamilyModule]

- **BREAKING**: Removed unused table `family_subscriptions`. It was merged with `family_requests` and marked as deprecated in version 0.30.0 _(remp/crm#1681)_. remp/crm#2094
- Fixed missing javascript to activate confirmation dialog when `data-confirm` is set. This JS is originally part of `admin.js` which is not loaded in customer zone. remp/helpdesk#869
- Fixed "generous" cancelling of child family subscriptions. remp/helpdesk#869
  - Repeated clicks to stop child family subscription always cancelled the same child subscription. But it generated a new (replacement) child subscription in the background until system redirected user to list of subscriptions. Quick repeated clicking on button could generate dozens of unpaid subscriptions.

### [PaymentsModule]

- Added index for `key` column in `payment_meta` table. remp/crm#2088
- Added foreign key and index for `payment_logs.payment_id` column. remp2020/crm-payments-module#16

### [ProductsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added `addAdditionalColumns` method to `CheckoutFormDataProviderInterface`. remp/novydenik#726
- Added new postal fee condition that checks if user is in segment. remp/crm#1987
- Refactored translating of error messages in `CheckoutFormFactory` with use of `setTranslator` method instead of manually calling translate method. remp/novydenik#726
- Added `additionalColumns` argument to `OrdersRepository->add` method. remp/novydenik#726
- Added `addAdditionalColumns` call and pass additional columns to `OrdersRepository->add` method. addAdditionalColumns
- Fixed missing `nette-rules` on `postal_fee` input in checkout form. remp/novydenik#726

### [RempMailerModule]

- Fixed improbable redirects pointing to non-existing presenter. remp/crm#2115
- Fixed incorrect subscribe/unsubscribe all button redraw on newsletter settings page. remp/crm#2115

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- Added new field for maximum funnel purchase limit in UI. All finished purchases are considered into the count. remp/crm#2000

### [SegmentModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added mandatory `time` argument to `SegmentsValuesRepository::cacheSegmentCount` method. remp/crm#2074
  - To fix this breaking change you have to provide recalculation time as third argument to `cacheSegmentCount` method. 
- Added segment recalculation time to segment list and detail + added `segment_slow_recalculate_threshold` config to `Segments` tab in application configuration. remp/crm#2074
- Changed query blueprint of generated segments to include all selected fields in the GROUP BY clause. remp/crm#2125
  - This was necessary to comply with strict DB modes, which require all selected non-aggregated fields to be placed in the group by clause.
- Added progress output to the `segment:process-criteria` command. 

### [StripeModule]

- Added support for wallet payments **ApplePay** and **GooglePay**. See how to enable new gateway in module's README, section **Wallet payments**. remp/crm#1810

### [UsersModule]

- Added flag `include_deactivated` to `/api/v1/users/list` API to allow listing also deactivated users. Anonymized users are always excluded. remp/crm#1392
- Fixed referer redirect after sign-in. remp/crm#2108
- Removed requirement for `device_token` when claiming unclaimed user. remp/crm#2105
