### [ApplicationModule]

- Moved table cleanup from `DatabaseTestCase::tearDown()` to `DatabaseTestCase::setUp()`. remp/crm#2111
  - It's better to clean tables before test is run; no need to rely on previous tests cleaning tables through `requiredRepositories()`.
- Changed `TRUNCATE` to `DELETE` in DB cleanup before test is run. See commit message for details. remp/crm#2111
- Changed argument of `NowTrait::setNow()` to nullable. Setting it to null will remove preset DateTime. remp/crm#2111
- Added logging of internal errors during user deletion. remp/crm#2053

### [GiftsModule]

- Added exception handling to prevent the termination of `gifts:activate_purchased_gift_coupons` command. remp/crm#2132
- Added `gift_starts_at` variable with the date of the gift activation to the emitted `NotificationEvent`. remp/novydenik#844

### [GopayModule]

- Added index for `transaction_reference` column. remp2020/crm-gopay-module#12

### [MailModule]

- Fixed notice in mail jobs admin with zero unsubscribes. remp/crm#2147
- Added logging of `$mailJob` when JsonException is raised while decoding it from cache storage. remp/crm#2148
- Added new `EguliasEmailValidator` email validator - based on [egulias/EmailValidator](https://github.com/egulias/EmailValidator). remp/crm#2160

### [PaymentsModule]

- Fixed link pointing to authorization `Payments:Dashboard:detailed` in Payments dashboard. remp/crm#1709
  - The authorization rule we checked was incorrect and could lead to link being visible for people without access to the resource. Clicking the link would cause _Forbidden_ error.
- Added `payment.address` placeholder for widgets to hold address forms displayed during payment process. remp/novydenik#833
  - The placeholder was added so the payment address forms can be reused across multiple places - payment success, bank transfer info.
- Added `payments.frontend.banktransfer.bottom` placeholder for widgets into bank payment info page. remp/novydenik#833
- Added `BeforePaymentBeginEvent` event, allowing modifying payment prior processing by payment gateway. A similar event `BeforeRecurrentPaymentChargeEvent` is added to recurrent charge. remp/crm#2136
- Added `PaymentReturnGatewayDataProviderInterface` data provider, giving ability to modify gateway that payment is checked against after its completion. remp/crm#2136

### [ProductsModule]

- Added soft delete to products admin and respect `deleted_at` column in `ProductsRepository` methods. remp/crm#2135
  - Products already in cart session are removed when the session is accessed (`ShopPresenter::buildCartSession`).
- Allowed to change the status of order either in case of previous payment's fail. remp/helpdesk#954

### [RempCampaignModule]

- Remove `Api::setNow()` which duplicates `NowTrait::setNow()`. Functionality is same. remp/crm#2111

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- **BREAKING**: Renamed `frontend.payment.success.forms` to `frontend.payment.success.bottom` to improve semantics of the placeholder. remp/novydenik#833
  - If you register widgets to `frontend.payment.success.forms`, change it to `frontend.payment.success.bottom`, or preferably `payment.address`.
- Added new `frontend.payment.success.head` widget placeholder to `SalesFunnel:success`. remp/crm#2022

### [ScenariosModule]

- Added throw exception on scenario create/update if one of elements list itself as descendant. Cyclic element references are forbidden. remp/crm#2112

### [SegmentsModule]

- Fixed unnecessary build of segment on segment detail when segment values is rendered or redrawn. remp/crm#2162
- Changed (raised) step of segment build on segment detail to avoid multiple executions of segment. remp/crm#2162
  - This is still not ideal and will be removed completely in the future.

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Added index for `internal_status` to speed up maintenance query cleaning up the status when subscriptions ends. remp2020/crm-subscriptions-module#9
- Added new scenario's criteria to check if subscription has been expired by admin. remp/helpdesk#940
- Added seeding of extension method `ExtendSameContentAccess` (`extend_same_content_access`). remp/crm#2175

### [UsersModule]

- Changed user access source update query from `INSERT .. ON DUPLICATE` to `INSERT`+`UPDATE` to prevent possible deadlocks. remp/crm#2079
- Changed storage location of SSO authentication values from session to cookie. remp/crm#2114
- Changed email validation handlers `/api/v1/users/set-email-validated` and `/api/v1/users/email` to consider the unclaimed user as if it did not exist. remp/crm#2061
- Added validation for all users in `users:check-email` command. remp/crm#2160
- Changed `UsernameAuthenticator` to not allow the unclaimed user to log in. remp/crm#2062
- Added handling for malformed URLs in `SignInRedirectValidator`. remp/crm#2149
- Added `/api/v1/user/delete` API to delete user (authorized with user's Bearer token). remp/crm#2053
