### [AdminModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added user meta flag `secure_login_allowed` required for Secure admin login. See the module's README for more information. remp/crm#2347
  - This affects you only if you've enabled "secure authentication" in the CRM admin.
  - The signature of method `SecuredAdminAccess#isSecure()` changed - it now requires user `ActiveRow`.
  - The secure login access now verifies presence of `secure_login_allowed` non-public user meta flag. If it's not present, user won't be allowed an access to the admin.
- Changed `ConfigPresenter::default` admin config menu to vertical. remp/novydenik#346 

### [ApiModule]

- Added method `ApiHeadersConfig->setAccessControlMaxAge(int)` to set header `Access-Control-Max-Age` for preflight (`OPTIONS`) request. remp/crm#2445

### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- Fixed processing of `INTERACTIVE_RENEWAL` server to server notification. remp/crm#2396
  - Notification processing could wrongly log an error that purchased payment starts before previous subscription ends.
- Fixed processing of `CANCEL` server to server notification. remp/crm#2400
  - Apple is not able to deliver the notification based on their documentation. Fix changes the handling to be compatible with documentation and also the real state.
- Added `locale` parameter into API call `/api/v1/apple-appstore/verify-purchase`. remp/crm#2308
- Added payload into log within `ServerToServerNotificationWebhookApiHandler` if validator/parser doesn't return errors but notification is not processed. remp/crm#2437

### [ApplicationModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Method `Crm\ApplicationModule\User\UserDataRegistrator::generate()` now doesn't include key of user data provider if `data()` method returned `null`. remp/crm#2460
  - If you don't need to return/cache any user data from your provider, return `null` instead of array content.
- Removed `$_SERVER['SHLVL']` check to determine if we're in CLI or running web request. remp/crm#2375
- Updated translations.
- Fixed `YearScale` graph keys. remp/crm#2315
- Changed `$locale` in `BasePresenter` to persistent. URL parameter is now kept throughout user's visit showing language intended by original URL. remp/crm#2390
- Added canonical URL to the base layouts. remp/crm#2449

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- Added ability match Google subscription renewals to different subscription type. remp/crm#2360
- Added `locale` parameter into API call `/api/v1/google-play-billing/verify-purchase`. remp/crm#2308
- Added catching of Google's exception (`reason: concurrentUpdate`) thrown when second `acknowledge()` call is triggered before Google processed first. remp/crm#2385

### [InvoicesModule]

- Fixed translations for form field used for the "street" part of address. Using address is legacy thing. remp/helpdesk#1201
- Added checkbox to invoices export to select only B2B invoices. B2B invoice has filled in either buyer's company ID, VAT ID or TAX ID. remp/crm#2447  

### [PaymentsModule]

- **DEPRECATION**: Command `payments:cancel_authorization` is deprecated - authorization payments are automatically canceled by bank.
- Fixed javascript in `AddressWidget`. If address is stored, we should keep that info in form header _(do not hide it; load it after reload)_. remp/helpdesk#1201 remp/crm#2370
  - This affects all additional address forms attached to widget place `payment.address` on payment success page _(eg. invoice, print...)_.
- Added support for CSOB payment status and card expiration checking. remp/novydenik#912
- Added `payments.frontend.recurrent_stop.head` widget placeholder in `Payments:recurrentStop`. remp/crm#2369

### [ProductsModule]

- Added sold shop products by tags graph to products dashboard. remp/crm#2249
- Removed hardcoded shop title from translations used in `title` elements. remp/crm#2299

### [RempMailerModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: This version requires REMP Mailer v0.32.2 and higher due to the API-compatibility.
  - Please update the Mailer prior releasing/using this version of RempMailerModule.
- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of `Crm\RempMailerModule\Models\ApiClient::getMailTypes()`. remp/crm#2387
  - The first parameter `string $code` was changed to `array $codes` to support filtering of multiple mail types. If you use the API client directly, check your implementation and pass array of codes instead of just one string.
- Added ability to specify mail type categories in `MailSettings` component used to manage newsletter subscriptions on frontend. remp/crm#2387
- Fixed issues with subscribe/unsubscribe requests if rtm params contaned `rtm_variant`. remp/crm#1100
- Stopped sending accompanying emails when user bulk subscribes/unsubscribes to/from newsletters. remp/crm#2407 
- Added support for multi-language emails. remp/remp#1085

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- Added logged and not logged in show counts to sales funnel detail. remp/crm#2326
- Added ability to specify sales funnel layout using `default_action_layout_name` meta option. remp/crm#2364 
- Added sales funnel data provider `sales_funnel.dataprovider.template_variables` allowing to provide custom template variables (e.g. to override template language). remp/crm#2417 
- Added recurrent vs not recurrent payments graph to sales funnel stats page. remp/crm#2414
- Added action to make the copy of sales funnel. remp/crm#2306
- Fixed query parameter passing to iframe on SalesFunnelFrontend:default action. remp/crm#2454

### [ScenariosModule]

- **BREAKING**: Removed passing of scenario job by reference. `JobsRepository` methods `startJob()`, `finishJob()` and `scheduleJob()` now return updated `$job`. remp/crm#2363
- Moved check for job's element before triggering `JobsRepository->finishJob()` to prevent missing `$job->element_id` when storing stats. remp/crm#2363
  - Added missing check into `FinishWaitEventHandler`.
- Added command to reconstruct wait event to Hermes in case they were removed. remp/crm#2461

### [SegmentsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed `segment.detail.statspanel.row` widget parameter from `array $ids` to `ActiveRow $segment`. remp/crm#2162
  - If you implement widget for `segment.detail.statspanel.row` path, edit `render()` function to accept `ActiveRow $segment` instead of array of row ids inside segment.
  - We recommend caching segment related values displayed in widget and use `render()` function just for values presentation. Use `recalculate()` function (mentioned below) to update cached values.
- **BREAKING**: All widgets registered at `segment.detail.statspanel.row` path have to implement new `SegmentWidgetInterface`. remp/crm#2162
  - Implement `recalculate()` function from `SegmentWidgetInterface` in your widgets to recalculate displayed values based on segment.
- **BREAKING**: Added `getIdsQuery()` function to `QueryInterface` interface. remp/crm#2162
  - If you have your own `QueryInterface` implementation, add the new function based on the reference implementation in `SegmentQuery`.
- **BREAKING**: Added `getIds()` function to `SegmentInterface` interface. remp/crm#2162
  - If you have your own `SegmentInterface` implementation, add the new function based on the reference implementation in `Segment`.

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Added all available content accesses to export of subscription types. remp/crm#2427

### [UpgradesModule]

- Updated translations, string is not used in project.
- Fixed content access filter for upgrade selection. remp/crm#2403
  - The previous implementation duplicated the parameters and made the selected content access different than requested.

### [UsersModule]

- Added check to prevent admin user from removing SSO pairing if Secure admin login is enabled. remp/crm#2347
- Fixed `UserConnectedAccountsRepository` methods for removing user's connected accounts. Using repository's `delete()` method to ensure we have audit log. remp/crm#2347
- Fixed incorrectly set response code for not approved autologins. remp/crm#2377
  - This regression was caused by missed error when auto refactoring with custom rector rules. remp/crm#2330 & remp/crm#2342
- Added `Crm\UsersModule\Api\v2\UsersEmailHandler` api handler with better error and validation handling + deprecate old `Crm\UsersModule\Api\UsersEmailHandler` api handler. remp/crm#2310
- Added `onetimeusemail.com` into blocked domains. remp/crm#2388
- Changed way how `AccessTokenAuthenticator` marks that user token is not allowed to login. Previously, only a binary flag was stored in session. Now, hash of a token is stored. 
- Fixed locale switcher in admin. remp/crm#2393
  - This required us to register `UserDataLocaleResolver` by default to all installations. If you were adding it manually, you don't need to anymore.
- Added `source` param to `GoogleTokenSignInHandler` for allowing to register user with specific source through Google sign in api endpoint. remp/crm#2297
- Refactored `GoogleTokenSignInHandler` to use Nette api params validation instead of deprecated `InputParam`. remp/crm#2297
- Remove persistent locale from URL in `ApplePresenter` and `GooglePresenter`. remp/crm#2390
  - It is already part of final url / referer but keeping it further breaks callback URLs (they are static and shouldn't contain unknown URL parameters).
- Added support for `locale` in Google and Apple presenters and `GoogleSignIn` and `AppleSignIn` models. remp/crm#2308
- Added list of disposable email address domains to `blocked_domain.txt`. remp/crm#2388
- Added `locale` parameter into API calls `/api/v1/users/create`, `/api/v1/users/update`, '/api/v1/users/google-token-sign-in' and `/api/v1/users/apple-token-sign-in`. remp/crm#2308
