### [AdminModule]

- Fixed deprecation error raised after latte/latte updated to 2.11.4 - expressions with variable should be wrapped in double quotes. remp/crm#2474

### [ApplicationModule]

- Added option to run one selected seeder with command `applicaton:seed`. remp/crm#2477
- Added support for date filter to `GoogleBarGraphGroup` and `GoogleLineGraphGroup`. remp/crm#2450

### [CouponModule]

- Added edit coupon form. remp/crm#2469

### [OnboardingModule]

- Fixed graphs on dashboard to consider date range filter. remp/crm#2450

### [PaymentsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of `Crm\PaymentsModule\Gateways\PaymentInterface, added new method `public function process($allowRedirect)`. remp/crm#2443
  - If you implement this interface directly and not use `Crm\PaymentsModule\Gateways\GatewayAbstract` to extend your gateways, implement this method based on the `GatewayAbstract` implementation and include your necessary changes.
- **IMPORTANT**: Changed `ROW_FORMAT` of `payment_meta` table to `DYNAMIC` row format to prevent the hit of index storage limit. Be aware that migration can run few minutes.
    - The REDUNDANT and COMPACT row formats support a maximum index key prefix length of 767 bytes whereas DYNAMIC and COMPRESSED row formats support an index key prefix length of 3072 bytes. For more details see [Mysql documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/innodb-row-format.html)
- Fixed deprecation error raised after latte/latte updated to 2.11.4 - translation strings with variable in name should be wrapped in double quotes. remp/crm#2474
- Changed collation `payment_meta` to `utf8mb4_unicode_ci`. remp/helpdesk#1290
- Fixed graphs on dashboard to consider date range filter. remp/crm#2450
- Fixed the status change of payment from `refunded` to `paid` by mail processor. Now payment remains in same state and `already_refunded` state is returned. remp/crm#1648
- Fixed possibly ambiguous query in the retention analysis. remp/crm#2495
- Fixed CSOB mail parser after bank fixed typo in mail content. (Keeping both variants just to be sure). remp/helpdesk#1334

### [ProductsModule]

- Fixed division by zero exception thrown when calculating the average product amount per user for segments that contain zero users. remp/crm#2473
- Fixed graphs on dashboard to consider date range filter. remp/crm#2450

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Fixed graphs on dashboard to consider date range filter. remp/crm#2450

### [UpgradesModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of the `Crm\UpgradesModule\Upgrade\SubsequentUpgradeInterface`. remp/crm#1883
  - Added new method `getFollowingSubscriptions(): array` returning list of subscriptions that continue right after the currently-upgraded subscription.
  - This only affects you if you implement your own upgraders AND if you are NOT using `Crm\UpgradesModule\Upgrade\UpgraderTrait` in your upgrader. If this is your case, check `UpgraderTrait` as a reference implementation.
  
### [UsersModule]

- Fixed autofilling password in edit user form. remp/helpdesk#1302
- Added `locale` select to `UserFormFactory`. remp/crm#2239
- Fixed graphs on dashboard to consider date range filter. remp/crm#2450
- Added german translation. [remp2020/crm-users-module#16](https://github.com/remp2020/crm-users-module/pull/16)

### [WalletPayModule]

- Added new module adding support for Apple Pay and Google Pay. remp/crm#2443
