### [AdminModule]

- Changed that `AuditLogAdminPresenter` (URL `/admin/audit-log-admin/`) now requires at least one filter condition to display records. remp/crm#2186
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Fixed universal search collision with other `select2` searches present on the same page. remp/crm#2663

### [ApiModule]

- Added support for JSON body logging (to complement POST and GET params). [remp2020/crm-api-module#1](https://github.com/remp2020/crm-api-module/pull/1)
  - **IMPORTANT**: Please be aware, that your `api_logs` table and Hermes log text file might grow much faster. Consider rotation and periodical cleanup of this table/file.
  - In general, we recommend to rotate the table manually and store the old logs outside of the database. You can get inspired [in this gist](https://gist.github.com/rootpd/435cc17669ece1abfc7e9ed331d221e7). If you export the data before the migration, you'll make the migration much faster.
- Changed type of `api_logs` columns to `utf8mb4_unicode_ci` to avoid errors caused by funky raw bodies we now log. remp/crm#2655
  - **IMPORTANT**: This migration could take a long time, depending on the size of your `api_logs` table. **It took us 2 hours to migrate ~7GiB table**. Due to the mentioned, we don't migrate the data to the new table and keep old API logs in the separate table.
  - If you still decide you also want to migrate the data, set the ENV variable `CRM_ALLOW_API_LOGS_DATA_MIGRATION` to `1`. The migration is non-blocking.
- Added blacklist/whitelist configuration for API logger. [remp2020/crm-api-module#1](https://github.com/remp2020/crm-api-module/pull/1)
- Fixed missing translations in the flash messages and forms. remp/crm#2636

### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- Added support to enforce gateway mode during online verification via payload. remp/dn-mofa#474
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075

### [ApplicationModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed `ApplicationConfig->initAutoload()` to not load configs from cache if cache expiration is set to zero. remp/crm#2605
- Added `LazyWidgetManager` to replace ineffective `WidgetManager`. remp/crm#2075
  - Update your modules which register widgets by now deprecated `WidgetManager` and use `LazyWidgetManager` instead.
  - Update your widgets which extends now deprecated `BaseWidget` and use `BaseLazyWidget` instead.

### [ClvModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075

### [FamilyModule]

- Changed `RequestsAdmin::default` template. remp/crm#2599
  - Added link back to user from form page.
  - Added info that payment items are with VAT and we don't support VAT change for these items at the moment.
  - Updated template to be responsive.
- Fixed payment creation process in `RequestFormFactory::formSucceed`. It now copies also subscription type item's meta into new payment item's meta. remp/crm#2599
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075

### [GiftsModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075

### [GoPayModule]

- Fixed notify URL API link generation. remp/crm#2645

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Added `offer_periods` column to `google_play_billing_subscription_types` to support multiple trial periods of subscription type before switching to base plan. remp/crm#2635

### [InvoicesModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Fixed "empty string" fields in addresses, making them nulls. remp/crm#2513

### [IssuesModule]

- Added option `--delete-remote-after` into command `issues:ftp-import` (`SyncFtpIssuesCommand`). If used, remote files are deleted after download finished. remp/helpdesk#1434
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Fixed issues API links generation. remp/crm#2645

### [OnboardingModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075

### [PaymentsModule]

- Added support for configurable test host in gateways. remp/crm#2489
- Updated `tomaj/omnipay-tatra` library to v4.2.
- Added message for users without auto-renew payments to inform about the possibility of change. remp/crm#2585
- Changed composer dependency from `miroc/omnipay-paypal-reference` to `rootpd/omnipay-paypal-reference`.
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Fixed handling of custom amount when adding manual payment (route `/payments/payments-admin/new`). remp/helpdesk#1541
- Fixed access to payments presenter actions, added explicit validation of currently logged user. remp/crm#2630
- Fixed `CsobOneClick->charge()` to stop recurrent payment if `resultCode: "150", resultMessage: orig payment not authorized, oneclick card expired` is returned from API. remp/crm#2627
- Fixed possible error when creating new payment with custom items if name of the item or vat was empty. remp/crm#2640
- Added cart items to PayPal checkout page. remp/crm#2651
- Fixed `PaymentsRepository->copyPayment()` - mark new payment as failed if we are unable to copy payment items (eg. missing subscription type item). remp/crm#2659
- Fixed validating `subscription_start_at` and `subscription_end_at` as date in edit payment form, only if start/end of subscription is set to manual. remp/helpdesk#1624

### [PrintModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075

### [PrivatbankarModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075

### [ProductsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of `PostalFeeMessageConditionInterface`. remp/crm#2637
  - The method `getReachedMessage` now requires two parameters, cart `$products` and postal fee condition `$value`.
  - New method `getNotReachedMessage` which is intended to be displayed for users, who haven't reached the condition yet. Method accepts the same set of parameters.
- Fixed search products by `author` query condition. remp/crm#1872
- Added `SortShopProductsFormValidationDataProviderInterface` used in `SortShopProductsFormFactory` to provide a way to define custom sorting (eg. alternate products of two categories). remp/crm#2464
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Fixed mistyped `YesNoHelper` latte filter call in `TagsAdmin/default.latte` file. Should be `yesNo` instead of `YesNo`. remp/helpdesk#1536
- Fixed missing translations in the flash messages. remp/crm#2636
- Added ability to set form defaults for `ProductsFormFactory`. remp/crm#2648

### [RempMailerModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075

### [RempPythiaModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Added unique index to `sales_funnel.url_key` table column. remp/crm#2665
- Fixed redirection of inactive sales funnels for full url (`http://crm.press/sales-funnel/sales-funnel-frontend/show?funnel=FUNNEL_CODE`). remp/crm#2580
  - Redirection of short URL (`http://crm.press/FUNNEL_CODE`) was implemented within remp/crm#847 but accessing full URL ended with a "funnel inactive" error.
- Added events `SalesFunnelCreatedEvent` and `SalesFunnelUpdatedEvent`. remp/crm#2483
- Added handler `SalesFunnelChangedEventsHandler` for both events to store short funnel URL (`url_key`) if caching is enabled. It will now cache short URLs of funnels also after seeding. No need to manually save sales funnel. remp/crm#2483
- Moved update of funnel's `last_conversion` date when incrementing `total_conversions` into common method `increment()`. remp/crm#2483
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Added note to sales funnels. remp/crm#2604

### [ScenariosModule]

- Added soft delete and restore to scenarios. remp/crm#2531
  - Changed `Engine` to process only jobs of enabled scenarios that were created after scenario restore (if restored).
  - Added deletion of unprocessable jobs. These are jobs of deleted scenarios or jobs created before scenario restore.

### [SegmentsModule]

- Fixed `SegmentsTrait->seedSegment()` trying to seed segment second time. It failed to find already seeded segment if it was soft-deleted. Previously used `SegmentsRepository->findByCode()` checks only active segments. remp/crm#886
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Fixed missing translations in the flash messages. remp/crm#2636

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Added unique index to `subscription_types.code` table column. remp/crm#2665
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Fixed `SubscriptionTypesAdmin::show` template to load `subscription-types-meta.value` into form without any change to value. If raw value was JSON, jQuery would load it from `data-value` attribute as JSON object instead of string. Using base64 to overcome this issue. remp/crm#2620

### [UpgradesModule]

- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Changed evaluation of upgrade conditions to generate lower number of DB queries. remp/crm#2584

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Added filter to the listing of subscription types in admin. remp/crm#2598

### [UsersModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed return value of `UserData#getUserToken` function from `false` to `null` in case of no associated user data for token. remp/crm#2621
- **DEPRECATED**: Deprecated class `SignInRedirectValidator`. remp/crm#2113
  - Class is replaced by more generic `RedirectValidator` in application-module.
  - The class will be removed in the future, make sure to replace any references to `SignInRedirectValidator` with `RedirectValidator`
- Added option to anonymize single user from admin without disabling anonymization conditions for all users. remp/crm#2102
  - Some users want to be removed and they don't care that subscription is active or shop payment was made yesterday. Helpdesk should be able to anonymize user (after email / phone confirmation) without changing general settings used by system subroutines.
  - Reason of forced anonymization of active user is required.
- Added option to force delete user data (into `DeleteUserData->deleteData()`) in case user's removal is blocked by providers. This is helpful in case of user's request to be removed despite of active subscription. remp/crm#2102
- Fixed scenario when address wasn't updated if the change was minor and non-strict comparison evaluated it as non-change. remp/crm#2513
- Added `user_meta` to login API endpoints (`/api/v1/users/login`, `/api/v1/users/google-token-sign-in`, `/api/v1/users/apple-token-sign-in`). remp/crm#2590
- Added parameter `source` to `GooglePresenter` and `ApplePresenter` presenters, having the same meaning as current `n_source` parameter. Both are now accepted, `source` having a priority. remp/crm#2594
- Fixed incorrect component name `pnp` to `paginator` in `AbusiveUsersAdmin::default` template. Missed while refactoring paginator to `PreviousNextPaginator`. remp/crm#2512
- Changed the registration of widgets - module now uses improved `LazyWidgetManager` and all widgets extend `BaseLazyWidget` class. remp/crm#2075
- Fixed possibility of Varnish "Unexpected content-range header" error for FileResponse-based downloads. remp/helpdesk#1523
- Changed that `UserDataLocaleResolver` now loads locale from `UserData` - it fixes problem with locale synchronization relying on session data only. remp/crm#2621
- Fixed "empty string" fields in addresses, making them nulls. remp/crm#2513 
- Fixed synchronization problems with Google/Apple SignIn state (saving state to Redis instead of cookies). remp/crm#2114
- Fixed "empty string" fields in addresses, making them nulls. remp/crm#2513
