# Changelog

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/). Instead of change type headers, we use module names.

## [2.11.0] - 2023-11-21

### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- Added `ExternalIdAdminFilterFormDataProvider` for filtering payments by `external_id`, in payments admin form. remp/crm#2932
- Added `ExternalIdUniversalSearchDataProvider` for filtering payments by `external_id`, in universal search form. remp/crm#2932

### [ApplicationModule]

- Added redaction of `responseBody` in Hermes logger to avoid 10x increase of size of Hermes logs after adding the feature in the previous version. remp/crm#2992
- Added optimization to UserData cache generation, which skips the process if there are no tokens assigned to user.

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- Added handling of grace period designed to help reduce churn while Google tries to charge user after failed attempt. remp/crm#2963
    - Grace period has to be enabled for subscription type in Google Play Console.
    - Docs: https://developer.android.com/google/play/billing/lifecycle/subscriptions#grace-period
- Added `ExternalIdAdminFilterFormDataProvider` for filtering payments by `external_id`, in payments admin form. remp/crm#2932
- Added `ExternalIdUniversalSearchDataProvider` for filtering payments by `external_id`, in universal search form. remp/crm#2932

### [InvoicesModule]

- Added `paid_at` date and `user` as template parameters in `ReceiptGenerator` + registered `date` latte filter. remp/novydenik#1084
- Added new scenario-related `new-invoice` trigger which is available in Scenario builder. remp/crm#3003

### [PaymentsModule]

- Added `external_id` field to payment admin filter form. remp/crm#2932
- Added ability to switch CSOB gateway to purchase mode (instead of checkout) using `CsobOneClick#usePurchaseMode` method.
- Added `payments:confirm_csob_payments` to confirm unfishined online payments made through CSOB payment gateways.

### [PrintModule]

- **BREAKING CHANGE**: Changed the condition that decided whether the missing address should end the processing of subscription based on the type of export. remp/crm#3021
    - This is legacy thing. And it cannot be required to list every new export type/key here.
    - After this change, if we are unable to find address for print subscription, we will not store it into `print_subscriptions`. (This is bugfix & breaking change.)
- Added subscription's meta into `print_subscriptions.meta` when `ExportEngine` generates export. remp/crm#3021
- Added "delivering pcs" into the list of print exports with number of items to be delivered. remp/respekt#39
- Added `ExportCriteria` parameter `$backIssues` to export (only) new subscribers _("back issues" subscriptions)_. remp/crm#3021
    - Can be used to export only new print subscription for older issues (eg. when issue is purchased after initial report and it has to be exported outside of traditional (eg. weekly) export).
- Added `ExportCriteria` parameter `$allowedCountries` to export allowed countries only. remp/crm#3021
    - Datasource doesn't handle addresses (search & decision which address to use is made in `ExportEngine`). This is the way how to restrict the creation of `print_subscriptions` records for countries you are not delivering to.
- Added `ExportCriteria` parameter `$shouldDeliverCallback` to determine if subscription should be delivered. remp/crm#3021
    - Check is skipped for .Týždeň exports which do not require address.
- Added option to define custom file-name patterns to be recognized in PrintSubscriptionAdmin.
- Added `ExportCriteria` parameter `$changeStatusCallback` which is called after `print_subscriptions` entries are ready, but export was not yet exported. remp/crm#3021
    - This should be used to update `print_subscriptions.status` from `new` to `recurrent` / `removed` / `changed`.
    - If no callback is provided, default method `PrintSubscriptionsRepository::setPrintExportStatus()` is used.

### [RempMailerModule]

- Fixed bug causing "unsubscribe all" functionality to remove subscription to locked mail types. remp/helpdesk#2206

### [ScenariosModule]

- Set recurrent parent payment in notification template params as parent payment of recurrent payment if recurrent payment is available. remp/novydenik#1149

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Removed high priority of `RefreshUserDataTokenHandler` attached to `NewSubscriptionEvent`. remp/crm#3017

### [UsersModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Fixed scenario which allowed valid `n_token` auth cookie to belong to different user than CRM's session.
    - If this scenario occurs, user is now signed out (from CRM session) and logged in automatically based on the `n_token`.
    - Previously the CRM session would remain untouched. We're flagging this to make sure you verify that this change doesn't affect you or your users.
