### [AdminModule]

- Changed return types of DI factory interfaces from type hints to actual return types to comply with nette/di v3.1 deprecations. remp/crm#2692

### [ApiModule]

- **IMPORTANT** Added proper response with HTTP code `500 Internal server error` when API call throws exception. Exception is logged. remp/crm#2694
- Changed use of deprecated `getApiPath()` in favor of `getUrl()`. remp/crm#2706
- Changed the implementation of `ApiPresenter` - the code responsible for validation and running of API handler is now extracted to the separate `Crm\ApiModule\Api\Runner`. remp/crm#2319
  - This change allows easier testing of GET/POST-based API endpoints using the latest features of the Nette API library.

### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- Fixed scenario when late S2S notification would cause system to create a payment for already expired subscription. remp/crm#2679

### [ApplicationModule]

- Removed debugMode from CLI executions on non-production environments. remp/crm#2706
- Added asynchronous user object reload in session in `BasePresenter`. remp/helpdesk#1632
- Fixed navigation issues caused by providing non-URI referers. remp/crm#2662
- Added new optional parameter `bool withoutCurrencySymbol` into method `PriceHelper->getFormattedPrice()` to return formatted price without currency symbol. remp/crm#2653
- Changed return types of DI factory interfaces from type hints to actual return types to comply with nette/di v3.1 deprecations. remp/crm#2692
- Fixed incompatibility in composer scripts caused by different version of Symfony dependencies in Composer's binary. remp/crm#2705
- Added option to exclude time in the `LocalizedDateHelper` (used in the `localizedDate` latte filter). remp/crm#2716

### [GiftsModule]

- Fixed overriding existing gift address for payment. remp/helpdesk#1632

### [InvoicesModule]

- Added user friendly error to `UserInvoiceFormFactory` _(used on success pages)_ if invoice address contains foreign country _(instead of useless application error)_. CRM does not allow invoicing to foreign countries at this moment. remp/helpdesk#/1593
- Fixed PHP 8.1 deprecation issues. remp/crm#2706

### [IssuesModule]

- Fixed PHP 8.1 deprecated order of `rand()` parameters. remp/crm#2706

### [PaymentsModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Changed matching variable symbol from bank mail confirmation/statement. If variable symbol returned by `tomaj/bank-mails-parser` is not found in DB, try to search VS within `receiver message`. remp/crm#2603
  - Some users mistype variable symbol in `creditor reference information` but use correct value in `receiver message` _(library can not decide which is correct (returns first valid), we have to search it manually)_.
- Fixed admin payment form to prevent overwrite the reference of payment items to subscription type. remp/helpdesk#1630
- Fixed possible rounding issue when checking sums on the payment and payment items during recurrent charge. remp/crm#2677
- Added description to Paypal parameters. remp/crm#2676
- Fixed unnecessary logging of "different amount received" events for emails which don't contain any amount at all; most likely because the payment failed. remp/crm#2697
- Fixed payment links within admin provided by mail processing features. remp/crm#2698
- Fixed address deletion protection data provider error caused by missing cardinalities in the translation. remp/crm#2700
- Fixed PHP 8.1 deprecation issues. remp/crm#2706
- Changed `singpolyma/openpgp-php` to `rootpd/openpgp-php`. remp/crm#2706
  - This is a fork of the original library handling PHP 8.1 deprecations. We're unable to use the original library due to dependency issues at the moment.

### [PrintModule]

- Changed index of columns `'exported_at', 'export_date', 'status'` to `'type', 'export_date', 'exported_at', 'status'` columns to speed up where conditions and group by in query. remp/novydenik#996

### [ProductsModule]

- Fixed deprecation warning related to the date formatting in product templates. remp/crm#2716

### [RempMailerModule]

- Changed return types of DI factory interfaces from type hints to actual return types to comply with nette/di v3.1 deprecations. remp/crm#2692
- Fixed unnecessary access to sent mail count in `MailLogs` user detail widget. remp/crm#2725

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed sales funnel total conversion calculation. From now on the `prepaid` payments are also counted into `sales_funnels.total_conversions` stats. remp/crm2682
  - Event `SalesFunnelEvent` with `ok` type is now emitted for `prepaid` payments as well.
- Fixed bug preventing saving sales funnel admin form. remp/crm#2665
- Changed return types of DI factory interfaces from type hints to actual return types to comply with nette/di v3.1 deprecations. remp/crm#2692
- Fixed PHP 8.1 deprecation issues. remp/crm#2706

### [SegmentsModule]

- Fixed bug preventing saving segment admin form. remp/crm#2665
- Changed definition of several APIs to the new version of Nette API. remp/crm#2319

### [ScenariosModule]

- Fixed bug allowing to save scenario with an empty name. remp/crm#2532
- Fixed PHP 8.1 deprecation issues. remp/crm#2706
- Added soft-delete to scenarios_jobs. remp/crm#2732

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Fixed bug preventing saving subscription type admin form. remp/crm#2665
- Added parameter `force` into `SubscriptionTypeItemsRepository->update()` to override `canBeUpdated` check. remp/crm#2665
- Changed return types of DI factory interfaces from type hints to actual return types to comply with nette/di v3.1 deprecations. remp/crm#2692
- Fixed address deletion protection data provider error caused by missing cardinalities in the translation. remp/crm#2700
- Fixed PHP 8.1 deprecation issues. remp/crm#2706
- Changed definition of several APIs to the new version of Nette API. remp/crm#2319

### [UpgradesModule]

- Fixed the query responsible for excluding subscription types with omitted content access. remp/helpdesk#1707

### [UsersModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added type for `$defaultCountryISO` parameter in `CountriesRepository` constructor. Empty or null argument are not valid anymore.
- Changed `CountriesRepository->defaultCountry()` to throw an error if the default country was not found in database. Otherwise it always returns `ActiveRow`.
- Fixed bug with multiple Ajax requests together with session ID regeneration, which broke Form saving functionality. remp/helpdesk#1632
  - Session ID regeneration could happen e.g. when current user properties were updated.
  - New session ID broke CSRF verification and thus form was not saved.
- Fixed bug allowing device to remain logged in even when the user was logged out from all devices. remp/helpdesk#1639
- Reverted fix of synchronization problems with Google/Apple SignIn state. remp/crm#2114 remp/helpdesk#1650
- Fixed broken Apple Sign-In when connecting existing user. remp/helpdesk#1650
- Added data provider `users.dataprovider.google_token_sign_in` to add custom data to JSON response when signing in using ID token to Google Sign-In. remp/crm#2494
- Fixed API throwing errors for emails of unsupported lengths. remp/crm#2687
- Changed return types of DI factory interfaces from type hints to actual return types to comply with nette/di v3.1 deprecations. remp/crm#2692
- Removed use of global variables (`$_GET`, `$_POST`) during social sign in process in favor of framework's `Request`. remp/crm#2701
- Changed definition of several APIs to the new version of Nette API. remp/crm#2319
