### [ApplicationModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added explicit return types to the read-related `Crm\ApplicationModule\Repository` methods (`getTable`, ``find`, `findBy`, `totalCount`). remp/crm#2761
  - If you override this methods in your repositories, update the method signatures based on the parent class.

### [ApiModule]

- Added `LazyApiDecider` to lazy-initialize API handlers and speed up the application. remp/crm#2750
- Fixed unnecessary slow API route registration. remp/crm#2738
- Added missing `getType()` method to `ParamInterface`. This method is used by `ApiTestCallFormFactory` which relies that implementation o ParamInterface will implement this method.
- Added casting to integer for netmask in `BearerTokenAuthorization::ipInRange()`.

### [CouponModule]

- **BREAKING** - Added `setLength` method into `CouponGeneratorInterface`. remp/crm#2666
  - Added the length of coupon between generators form inputs.

### [IssuesModule]

- Added option `--delete-source-after` into command `issues:import` to remove source files after successful import. remp/crm#2745

### [PaymentsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Moved the reference of `subscription_type_item` from `payment_item_meta` into `payment_items` table.
  - **IMPORTANT**: This migration could take a time, depending on the size of your `payment_items` table. Consider to run it at off-peak times.
  - To fill foreign keys `subscription_type_item_id` in `payment_items` table run command `payments:fill_reference_to_subscription_type_item`. The command may run longer, but is not blocking and it can run in the background.
- Added ability to specify  period lengths in retention analysis computation. remp/crm#2169
- Added `RecurrentPaymentSubscriptionTypeContentAccessCriteria` scenario criteria. remp/crm#2737
- Fixed typo in error message for subscription's start time. remp/crm#2749
- Fixed registration of the gateway test host. Gateways registered as separate modules (`vub-eplatby`, `slsp`) didn't have the test host available. remp/crm#2751
- Fixed method `PaymentItemsRepository::copyPaymentItem()` which doesn't copy properly all `payment_items` attributes. remp/helpdesk#1514 

### [ProductsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of `ProductSaveEvent` to accept and provide `ActiveRow $product` instead of `int $productId`. remp/crm#2761
  - If you emit this event, replace `$productId` with `$product` as the first parameter of event constructor.
  - If you listen to this event, replace use of `$event->getProductId()` with `$event->getProduct()`.
- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of `OrderStatusChangeEvent` to accept and provide `ActiveRow $order` instead of `int $orderId`. remp/crm#2761
  - If you emit this event, replace `$orderId` with `$order` as the first parameter of event constructor.
  - If you listen to this event, replace use of `$event->getOrderId()` with `$event->getOrder()`.

### [RempMailerModule]

- Fixed the order of actions by subscribe/unsubscribe newsletter. It generates outdated user cache in Redis. remp/crm#2721

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- Fixed possible validation error of subscription type and gateway after the funnel was submit if the subscription type and gateway didn't exist. remp/crm#2740

### [StripeModule]

- Changed stripe-php version (7.22 -> 7.105.0) in order to support PHP 8.1. remp/crm#2764
- Fixed deprecated usage of `DecimalMoneyParser::parse()` method. Solved by leveraging of moneyphp's dedicated class for currencies which is now required to be used in it's `DecimalMoneyParser::parse()` method. remp/crm#2764

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Method `SubscriptionMetaRepository::findSubscriptionBy` now returns `null` instead of `false` when no subscription is found. remp/crm#2761
- Added soft delete for subscription items. remp/crm#2541
- Added `Crm\SubscriptionsModule\Events\SubscriptionEventInterface` interface for events able to provide subscription instance. remp/crm#2761
  - The interface replaces `Crm\UsersModule\User\ISubscriptionGetter` which was placed incorrectly and misused.

### [UsersModule]

- `**BREAKING**: Removed `Crm\UsersModule\User\ISubscriptionGetter` interface in favor of `Crm\SubscriptionsModule\Events\SubscriptionEventInterface`.
  - If you implement your own event handlers and expect use of `ISubscriptionGetter`, update the expectations to use `SubscriptionEventInterface` instead.
- **DEPRECATED**: Deprecated interface `Crm\UsersModule\User\IUserGetter` in favor of `Crm\UsersModule\Events\UserEventInterface`. remp/crm#2721
- Removed setting of deprecated `n_version` cookie. remp/remp#1202
- Added optional parameter `segment` for command `user:reconstruct_user_data` to allow filter users also by segment code. remp/crm#2721
