### [ApiModule]

- **BREAKING**: Removed `Crm\ApiModule\Authorization\CsrfAuthorization` API authorization without a replacement. remp/crm#2761
    - If you for any reason need to use this authorization, please copy the original implementation to one of your internal extensions.
- Fixed possible issues with API logging if x-www-form-urlencoded body contained malformed UTF-8 characters which are not JSON-encodable. remp/crm#2797

### [ApplicationModule]

- Changed rendering options of single-value admin charts. Y-axis now doesn't always start from zero in favor of readability. remp/crm#2788
- Added new `Crm\ApplicationModule\Events\ConfigCreatedEvent` and `Crm\ApplicationModule\Events\ConfigUpdatedEvent` emitted every time the config's is created or its value gets updated. remp/crm#2768
- Added array option `--populator` (short `-p`) to `application:populate` command to execute only selected populators. remp/crm#2798
- Added ability to delete audit logs for anonymized users. remp/crm#2643
    - Added `deleted_at` column to `audit_logs` table.
    - Added mark audit logs related to entities as deleted on entity delete (only for database entities containing GDPR affected data).
    - Added `application:audit_logs_cleanup` command which hard deletes soft deleted audit logs. We recommend adding it to your scheduled tasks.

### [CouponsModule]

- Changed the default ordering of coupons to prevent duplicated views for coupons generated at same time. remp/crm#2710
- Added option to filter coupons by the date of creation. remp/crm#2711

### [InvoicesModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed `AddressChangedHandler` to handle only `AddressChangedEvent` instead of all events of `IAddressEvent` interface. remp/crm#2448
    - If you have event which implements `IAddressEvent` and depends on processing by `AddressChangedHandler`, you need to change event _(let it extend (override) `AddressChangedEvent`)_ or make new handler which will handle your event.
- **IMPORTANT**: Added column `payments.invoice_number_id`. remp/crm#2448
    - This migration could take a long time, depending on the size of your `payments` table. **It took ~10 minutes to migrate 800MB table**. Consider to run it at off-peak times.
- Added (optional) generation of the invoice number for all paid payments ignoring missing invoice address and setting to disable invoicing _(user or admin)_. remp/crm#2448
    - This is non breaking change. Config `generate_invoice_number_for_paid_payment` is disabled by default.
    - If invoice cannot be generated, invoice number is generated and connected to payment. When user fulfills conditions to generate invoice _(adds invoice address or enables invoicing)_, an invoice is generated with this invoice number. This is practical if accounting requires to have invoices in order of the purchase dates.
- Added tests for invoice generation, updated few thrown messages & cleaned handlers. remp/crm#2448
- Added column `invoices.updated_date` & `InvoicesRepository->update()`. remp/crm#2448
- Changed column `invoices.buyer_country_id` to nullable. remp/crm#2448
- Moved responsibility to check address into `InvoicesRepository->isPaymentInvoiceable()`. remp/crm#2448
    - We will need to rely on `isPaymentInvoiceable()` as "all knowing". No need to duplicate address check outside of it.
- Removed duplicate check `isPaymentInvoiceable()` before `InvoiceGenerator->generate()`. remp/crm#2448
    - `InvoiceGenerator->generate()` has to perform `isPaymentInvoiceable()` before generating invoice (we cannot rely on caller in this case). No need to call it twice.

### [PaymentsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Removed method `ParsedMailLogsRepository::formPaymentsWithWrongAmount`. remp/crm#2790
    - In case you use the method, please alter your implementation and use `ParsedMailLogsRepository::getDifferentAmountPaymentLogs`.
- Added storing of CSOB transaction identifiers (`payId`) also for the recurrent charges. remp/novydenik#961
- Fixed issue with the `rootpd/openpgp-php` dependency in the open source module. remp/crm#2773
- Changed method `PaymentItemsRepository::copyPaymentItem()` to prevent copying payments with unequal total prices of payment and related subscription type. remp/helpdesk#1780
- Removed small chart with timeouted payments in the payment's admin listing. remp/crm#2790
- Changed UI of notification containing list of users who sent incorrect amount in their bank transfer payment. remp/crm#2790
- Added additional parameter into `PaymentItemsRepository::copyPaymentItem` method to define the source of payment items to copy. remp/helpdesk#1780
- Added IPN notification handler for PayPal. remp/crm#2797

### [ProductsModule]

- Fixed saving empty tag or tag that already exists. remp/crm#2800
- **IMPORTANT**: Added transformation of `products.code` to URL friendly string before storing it into database. remp/crm#2628
    - All new products and all changes to `code` property will result in URL friendly string. It won't be transformed if `code` is not changed while updating product.
    - **IMPORTANT**: In future we will enforce URL friendly **UNIQUE** `code` for all products. You'll have to manually redirect old URLs which do not fulfill these conditions to new URLs.
      ```php
      // example route for redirection of old canonical URL to new canonical URL
      // (see all supported routes in ProductsModule.php)
      $router->prepend(new Route($shopHost . '/<action show>/1234/mäkčene-a-dĺžne-ľščťžýáíé', [
          'module' => 'Products',
          'presenter' => 'Shop',
          'action' => 'show',
          'id' => 1234,
          'code' => 'makcene-a-dlzne-lsctzyaie',
      ], Route::ONE_WAY));
      ```
- Changed `ProductBuilder` to use `Repository::insert()` instead of `Builder::store()`.

### [RempMailerModule]

- Fixed URL structure of redirect handler to Mailer to comply with Mailer 2.0 changes. remp/remp#1220

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added return type to `Crm\SubscriptionsModule\Extension\ExtensionInterface::getStartTime()`. remp/crm#94
- Added `ExtendLastExtension` which can be used to extend last subscription of user. remp/novydenik#1061
    - Extends last subscription of user _(ignores types and content accesses)_.
    - If no subscription exists, starts immediately.
- Changed UI of notification containing list of users who have subscription requiring an address and they don't have any. remp/crm#2790

### [UpgradesModule]

- Added option to filter upgraders by config property `require_content`. remp/crm#2776
