### [AdminModule]

- Added support for SQL syntax in CodeMirror code editor. remp/crm#2518
- Added the sanitization of content pasted into Trumbowyg editor. remp/crm#2994
- Added support for merging dropdown sections. remp/crm#3071 

### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- Fixed condition when looking for recurrent to stop while cancelling Apple in-app subscription. remp/crm#3080

### [ApplicationModule]

- Added option to register custom callbacks when Hermes's default `Crm\ApplicationModule\Hermes\RedisDriver` waits for next tasks. remp/crm#3111
  - You can register the callbacks in your `config.neon` by calling `setupWaitCallback` within `setup` directive of `hermesDriver` service.
- Added `OriginalDataAwareInterface` interface used for object/database row which have to remember its original values. remp/respekt#148
  - You can now read `getOriginalData()` from the `ActiveRow` instances (if they implement this interface) after the object was updated.
- Fixed `locale` parameter for snippets with set parameters (`locale` was removed if any parameters were set). remp/crm#3113

### [DashboardModule]

- Added default template and default title to `DashboardSegmentValueBaseWidget` dashboard widget. remp/novydenik#1213
  - When extending the widget class, only segment code is now required.

### [FamilyModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added `provideSubscriptionTypeItemPriceOptions` method to `RequestFormDataProviderInterface`. remp/crm#3028
  - You need to add `provideSubscriptionTypeItemPriceOptions` method, to all of your implementations of `RequestFormDataProviderInterface`. Method should return at least empty array. For more information on usage, consult: `RequestFormDataProviderInterface->provideSubscriptionTypeItemPriceOptions` phpdoc.
- Added new event `FamilyRequestAcceptedEvent` emitted after the request donation. remp/respekt#133

### [GiftsModule]

- Added `SubscriptionFormDataProvider` to validate update of start time for gifted subscriptions. remp/crm#3076
  - For accounting reasons, the subscription must not start before the payment confirmation date.

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- Fixed condition when looking for recurrent to stop while cancelling Google in-app subscription. remp/crm#3080 remp/crm#1522
- Fixed introductory period handling when subscription was purchased without an introductory price. remp/crm#3045

### [InvoicesModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Changed crowdfunding project name in the receipt - subscription type's description is replaced by user label. remp/helpdesk#2458 
- Added dataprovider `UniversalSearchDataProvider` to allow search by the invoice number. remp/respekt#137
- Added `ReceiptPreNotificationEventHandler` which handles adding receipt pdf to new receiptable payment notifications. remp/novydenik#1175
- Added ability to merge dropdown menu sections. remp/crm#3071

### [IssuesModule]

- Fixed missing `league/flysystem-ftp: ^3.0` dependency.
- Added audit log for issues entities changeable through admin (`IssuesRepository`, `MagazinesRepository`, `SubscriptionTypeMagazinesRepository`). remp/crm#3114

### [PaymentsModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Method `PaymentsRepository::updateStatus` now emits payment change status event only if the payment was actually changed. remp/respekt#130
  - Previously, the event could be emitted even when the status didn't change and caller requested change from `paid` to `paid`. This is no longer true and such request won't emit event anymore. Please verify that your code doesn't rely on the previously-incorrect behavior.
- Added form to handle complex refund process. remp/crm#2960
  - Added feature to stop subscription during refund.
  - Added feature to stop recurrent payment during refund.
  - Added visual progressbar to display current subscription progress.
- Added `PaymentStatusDropdownMenuWidget` to unify selection of payment status in admin dropdowns. remp/crm#2960
- Added `PaymentRefundFormDataProviderInterface` to extend `PaymentRefundFormFactory` via dataprovider. remp/crm#2960
- Updated `RecurrentPaymentsResolver::resolveSubscriptionType()` to handle new `subscription_type.trial_periods`. remp/crm#2938
  - Rules are described in PHPDoc of `RecurrentPaymentsResolver::resolveSubscriptionType()`.
  - If `subscription_type.next_subscription_type` is set, number of allowed trials is handled by `subscription_type.trial_periods`.
  - This is not a breaking change. Trial period for existing subscription types with `next_subscription_type` is set to 1.
- Added the change of payment gateway for payments confirmed from `MailProcessor` if they are different from bank transfer. remp/respekt#130
- Fixed the possibility of lock timeout by the payment status change. Event emitting has been moved outside of lock. remp/respekt#130
- Fixed possible type error when editing payment containing `subscription_type` item without `subscription_type_item_id` reference. remp/respekt#158
- Fixed slow payment filtering via variable symbol on payments admin page. remp/crm#3104
- Added option to select between week or month payments partitioning in retention analysis. remp/crm#3083
- Added new rules to ČSOB mail parser to improve variable symbol lookup. remp/respekt#106
  - Updated regexp to recognize email statements for foreign payments ("zahraniční transakce").
    - Some foreign transactions contain variable symbol in _payment purpose_ element which can be multiline. Added new rule.
  - Added rule to search whole email statement for prefixed variable symbol. Customers tend to use prefixes `vs/VS/v.s./V.S.`.
  - Added rule to search receiver message for variable symbol without any prefix.
    - Customers often forget to add prefix.
    - Some banks provide variable symbol within receiver message in "Creditor Reference Information - SEPA XML format".
  - Added rule to not use variable symbol set to 0.
    - Foreign transfer from at least one bank comes with field "variable symbol" set to `0000000000`. Correct variable symbol is in receiver message with VS prefix.
- Fixed empty 'More actions' dropdown. remp/crm#3071
  - Fixed in user payments listing.
  - Fixed in payments listing.
- Added new subscription type and subscription type tag filters in retention analysis. remp/crm#3082
- Added ability to merge dropdown menu sections. remp/crm#3071 

### [PrintModule]

- Added link to subscription to print export detail. remp/respekt#138
- Added widget placeholder into print export detail to allow show additional information. remp/respekt#138 

### [RempMailerModule]

- Added option to display only selected mail type categories on the `subscribeEmailSuccess` page. remp/helpdesk#2533
  - Method `render()` within the `MailSettings` component is already prepared to accept an array of mail type category codes. Added argument to `MailSettingsPresenter->renderSubscribeEmailSuccess()` allows to preset these categories before the user is redirected.
- Fixed wrong link to filtered users list within mail logs. remp/crm#1892

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- Refactored handling of sales funnel data provider validation to its own method `handleCantAccessFunnel`. remp/crm#2941
- Changed UTM parameters handling in iframe sales funnel display. UTM parameters are preserved in URL for better tracking. remp/novydenik#1196
- Added option to add allowed sales funnels stat types to `SalesFunnelsStatsRepository`. remp/novydenik#1197
- Fixed possibly incorrect amount of donations on sales funnel stats chart caused by counting in zero-amount donation payment items. remp/crm#3100
- Added new sales funnel tag filter in retention analysis. remp/crm#3082

### [SegmentsModule]

- Added "nested segments" feature. remp/crm#2518
  - Feature is turned off by default, since it's only supported by our default implementation of `SegmentFactoryInterface`.
  - To turn on the feature, add `segment_nesting: true` feature flag to NEON configuration (see README for details).
  - Feature adds `SegmentCriteria` to Segmenter interface  - one can compose segment using other segments
  - Feature also works for segments text editor, where special placeholder can be used (`%segment.SEGMENT_CODE%`)
- Added API endpoint `/api/v1/segments/items` (served by `ItemsHandler`) - returning list of segment items. remp/crm#2518
  - Segmenter Vue library was also upgraded, now having ability to list segment items (even for unsaved segments).  
- Fixed missing select labels for the payment amount parameter. remp/helpdesk#2540

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added optional `address` argument to `ExtensionInterface::getStartTime` method. remp/respekt#142
  - In you implement your own implementation of `ExtensionInterface`, just add new argument `address` to `getStartTime` method definition with no more changes required.
- **IMPORTANT**: Added `address_id` to list of params which are firing subscription updated events. remp/respekt#148
- Fixed invalid use of internal seeder in tests.
- Added trial periods into subscription types. remp/crm#2938
    - Subscription types now offer more than single trial period before "upgrading" subscriber to next subscription type.
    - Default trial period is 0.
    - Trial period for existing subscription types with next subscription type is set to 1. This will ensure existing subscription types behave same as before this change.
- Fixed premature form validation when added an item to the subscription type remp/crm#2174
- Fixed empty 'More actions' dropdown in user subscriptions listing. remp/crm#3071
- Added ability to merge dropdown menu sections. remp/crm#3071 

### [UpgradesModule]

- Added widget to subscription type's detail with list of all subscription types to which upgrade is possible. remp/crm#3094

### [UsersModule]

- Fixed wrong link to filtered users list within groups list. remp/crm#1892
