### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed AppleAppstoreGateway to use App Store Server API. remp/crm#3038
  - Add required configs for App Store Server API in CRM admin settings.
- Added support for App Store Server Notifications V2. remp/crm#3038
  - If you have your own implementation of `ServerToServerNotificationProcessorInterface`, implement new `ServerToServerNotificationV2ProcessorInterface` interface.
  - Use `/api/v2/apple-appstore/webhook` API endpoint for V2 Notifications.
- Added `/api/v2/apple-appstore/verify-purchase` API endpoint for payment confirmation from app. remp/crm#3038
  - Endpoint uses App Store Server API instead of deprecated verifyReceipt Web Service Endpoint.
  - Add required configs for App Store Server API in CRM admin settings.

### [ApplicationModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed minimal version of `nette/application` to version 3.2.  
   - Due to newly introduced framework types, there is `$user` Latte variable (of type `\Nette\Security\User`) in every Latte template.
   - If you use `$user` Latte variable of different type, you have to rename it to avoid type mismatch. 
- **BREAKING**: Added `registerScenariosTriggers` method to `ApplicationModuleInterface`.
  - We recommend to extend `CrmModule` in your module classes, or in case of implementing this interface directly, we recommend to implement empty method. 
- Added button to GoogleBarGraph and GoogleLineGraph, to export/download data in CSV format. remp/crm#3117
- Fixed registration of `Contributte\FormMultiplier\DI\MultiplierExtension`. remp/crm#3138
  - The extension was supposed to be registered by `ApplicationModule`, but it silently failed.
- Fixed possible XSS vulnerability and enabled proactively-before-disabled escaping of values. remp/crm#1794
- Added `escapehtml` function both to PHP and Latte to escape HTML entities. remp/crm#1794
- Deprecated `SnippetsRepository->loadAllByIdentifier`, use `SnippetsRepository->loadByIdentifier` instead. remp/crm#3029
- Fixed 'Too Many Connections' bug within PHPUnit tests by reconnecting to the database after each test.
- Added `EventGeneratorOutputProviderInterface` for use with `EventGeneratorInterface`. remp/crm#1409
  - We encourage to implement this interface/method in your custom event generators to provide output params to scenario validator.
  - In the next major release the interface `EventGeneratorOutputProviderInterface` will be merged to `EventGeneratorInterface` interface.

### [FamilyModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Fixed active paid subscribers dashboard count and label for active subscribers with master subscription. remp/crm#3164
  - Active paid subscribers metrics used to count all paid subscriptions (`is_paid=1`) which also included accepted child subscriptions. Then we counted accepted child subscriptions once again and added to all paid subscriptions which caused the resulting number to be incorrect.
  - Now we get all paid subscriptions the same way and add all unused child subscriptions related to active master subscriptions.
  - Label for active subscribers with master subscription used to refer to the number of payments but we count the number of unique users with master subscription.
- Added `BeforeCreateRenewalPaymentEventHandler` which prevents creating renewal payment for family subscriptions. remp/novydenik#1147
- Added `isFamilySubscriptionType` method to `FamilySubscriptionTypesRepository`. remp/novydenik#1147
- Changed template variable `$user` to `$userRow`, fixing type mismatch in `RequestsAdminPresenter`. remp/crm#3135
- Fixed possible XSS vulnerability and enabled proactively-before-disabled escaping of values. remp/crm#1794
- Added `mailto` link for sending activation email to `MasterFamilySubscriptionInfoWidget`. remp/crm#3029

### [GiftsModule]

- Added attach invoice to `GiftPaymentStatusChangeHandler`. remp/novydenik#1221
- Fixed variable name in templates so it doesn't override `$user` (which holds currently logged-in user).

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- Added ability to store and handle voided pruchases. remp/crm#3031
  - Added `google_play_voided_purchase_notifications` table and related `VoidedPurchaseNotificationsRepository`.
  - Added `VoidedPurchaseNotificationReceivedHandler` which handles voided purchase notifications (refunding payment, cancelling subscription etc.).
  - Modified `DeveloperNotificationPushWebhookApiHandler` to store voided purchase notifications and removed `Debugger::info` call.

### [InvoicesModule]

- Changed template variable `$user` to `$userRow`, fixing type mismatch in `InvoicesAdminPresenter`. remp/crm#3135

### [PaymentsModule]

- **DEPRECATED**: Deprecated state constants of `\Crm\PaymentsModule\Repositories\ParsedMailLogsRepository`. remp/respekt#189
  - Use `Crm\PaymentsModule\Models\ParsedMailLog\State` enum instead.
- Fixed attempt to get previous recurrent charge on never charged recurrent payment, in `RecurrentPaymentsResolver::resolveSubscriptionType`. remp/helpdesk#2566
- Added new `AttachRenewalPaymentGenericEvent` scenarios generic event, which fires `AttachRenewalPaymentEvent` event. remp/novydenik#1147
- Added option to change payment data while copying payment in `PaymentsRepository::copyPayment`. remp/novydenik#1147
- Fixed script which populates a database with testing data. remp/crm#3125
- Fixed broken move of processed payment emails to the configured folder.
- Changed template variable `$user` to `$userRow`, fixing type mismatch in `PaymentsAdminPresenter`. remp/crm#3135
- Added `preventPaymentStatusUpdate` argument to `PaymentProcessor::complete` method. respekt#150
- Fixed possibility of changing payment status to `fail` in `ConfirmCsobPaymentsCommand`. respekt#150
- Fixed link back to user of the payment from payment edit screen.
- Fixed obtaining `clientIp` from initial payment for `CsobOneClick` payment gateway. remp/crm#2990
- Added extracted implementation of `RecurrentPaymentScenarioConditionModel` from `Crm\ScenariosModule\Events\ConditionCheckEventHandler`. remp/crm#1409
- Added ability to collect source bank account of parsed mail log and logging source bank account within `TatraBankaMailParser` and `CsobMailParser`. remp/respekt#189
- Added ability to view source bank account and update state and note of parsed mail log. remp/respekt#189

### [PrintModule]

- Fixed script which populates a database with testing data. remp/crm#3125
- Added interface to create claims for print issue. remp/respekt#40
  - Added `ClaimButtonWidget` with configurable options to show claim button for specific print subscription types.
- Added print address redirect functionality. remp/respekt#177
- Fixed calculation of delivered pieces which incorrectly ignored `changed` status of export data. remp/respekt#199
- Added widget placeholder for actions (`print.admin.print_subscriptions.default.actions`) to default screen of PrintSubscriptionsAdmin. remp/respekt#176

### [ProductsModule]

- Fixed possible XSS vulnerability and enabled proactively-before-disabled escaping of values. remp/crm#1794
- Changed product stats table to include sum row also to the head of the table. remp/novydenik#1244
- Rewritten existing hermes registrations/handlers to use new `TriggerManager` to register 'Trigger handlers' events. remp/crm#1409
- Added extracted implementation of `OrderScenarioConditionalModel` from `Crm\ScenariosModule\Events\ConditionCheckEventHandler`. remp/crm#1409

### [RempCampaignModule]

- Moved campaign api segment cache calls to Hermes task, because of missing calls on downtime. remp/crm#2983

### [RempMailerModule]

- Added parameter `$successUrl` to `MailSettingsPresenter::renderSubscribeEmail()`. remp/helpdesk#2533
  - User will be redirected to this URL (if valid) after email is subscribed.
- Fixed possible XSS vulnerability and enabled proactively-before-disabled escaping of values. remp/crm#1794
- Changed `ChangeNewsletterSubscriptionsGenericEvent` scenario generic event operator from "OR" to "AND". remp/crm#3178
  - This only affects UI, no functional change.

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Enabled sandbox mode for Twig templates. remp/crm#3176
- **DEPRECATED**: Deprecated `SalesFunnelEvent#getDeviceType` method. remp/helpdesk#2667
  - Parsing of device type should be preferably done in event handler instead of event constructor.
- Added information about the stored segment used in the sales funnel to the detail page and the list of sales funnels. remp/novydenik#1228
- Fixed registration process of unclaimed users within sales funnels. remp/crm#2803
- Fixed possible XSS vulnerability and enabled proactively-before-disabled escaping of values. remp/crm#1794
- Fixed slow loading time of sales funnel caused by slow device detection in `SalesFunnelEvent` constructor. remp/helpdesk#2667
- Added tags and meta copying when creating a copy of the sales funnel. remp/helpdesk#2619

### [ScenariosModule]

- **DEPRECATED**: Deprecated use of `EventsStorage` public events to register new trigger handlers.
- **IMPORTANT**: Added `TriggerManager` - a new official way to register trigger handlers for scenarios + rewritten existing registrations. remp/crm#1409
  - We encourage using `TriggerManager` to register new trigger handlers and to rewrite existing ones until the next major release, where the source of registered handlers will switch to `TriggerManager` instead of the current public events on top of `EventsStorage`.
  - We found a few "Event Trigger" events that were listed by mistake or weren't working as expected. To list all scenarios which is affected by this change and should be manually reviewed, run `scenarios:list_scenarios_to_review` command.
- Added handling `renewal_payment_id` to `NotificationTemplateParamsTrait`. remp/novydenik#1147
- Added ability to add additional scenario jobs parameters. remp/novydenik#1147
  - Added `ScenarioGenericEventAdditionalParamsInterface` interface which defines methods needed for adding additional parameters.
  - Added support for handling  additional job parameters to `RunGenericEventHandler`. remp/novydenik#1147
- Added `AttachRenewalPaymentEvent` event and `AttachRenewalPaymentEventHandler` handler which handles creating and attaching renewal payment to job parameters. remp/novydenik#1147
- Fixed scenario builder didn't work with generic actions with empty options. remp/novydenik#1147
- Rewritten existing hermes registrations/handlers to use new `TriggerManager` to register 'Trigger handlers' events. remp/crm#1409
- Changed existing implementation of condition models in `ConditionCheckEventHandler` to registered separated condition models. remp/crm#1409
- Added `EventGeneratorOutputProviderInterface` to existing `BeforeRecurrentPaymentChargeEventGenerator` and `SubscriptionEndsEventGenerator`. remp/crm#1409
  - Added `user_id` explicitly to output params.
- Scenarios now validates triggers with a given elements during creation and update. remp/crm#1409  

### [SegmentModule]

- Added ability to validate stored segments before saving them (with option to skip the validation). remp/crm#3043
- Fixed invalid stored segments not giving a feedback in admin and showing meaningful error message with a reason instead. remp/crm#3043

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of `\Crm\SubscriptionsModule\Repositories\SubscriptionsRepository::hasUserSubscriptionType()` method. remp/crm#3129
  - Method preserves parameter `userId`, renames parameter `subscriptionTypesCode` to `subscriptionTypeCode`, renames parameter `after` to `startTime`, adds `endTime` parameter and removes parameter `count`.
  - Method checks if users has subscription of given subscription type starting after `startTime` parameter and ending before `endTime` parameter. If no datetime parameters provided, method uses no datetime boundaries.
  - If you used `count` parameter, you have to implement your own method because it was removed without replacement.
- **BREAKING**: Renamed method `SubscriptionsRepository::findDefaultForContentAccess` to `SubscriptionsRepository::findDefaultForLengthAndContentAccesses`. remp/novydenik#1147
- Added `subscription_type_code` parameter to `/api/v1/subscriptions/create` API endpoint. remp/crm#3051
  - Either `subscription_type_id` or `subscription_type_code` parameter must be filled.
- Changed template variable `$user` to `$userRow`, fixing type mismatch in `SubscriptionsAdminPresenter`. remp/crm#3135
- Added widget `UserSubscriptionAddressWidget`, containing address info extracted from subscription listing. remp/respekt#134
- Changed condition in subscription form to allow same `end_time` as `start_time` (eg. when cancelling subscription manually). remp/crm#3158
- Added `subscriptionIsActiveOrInFuture` method to `SubscriptionsRepository`. remp/crm#3031
- Fixed `ContentAccessRepository::usersWithAccessActiveBetween` calculation, which returned incorrect results. remp/crm#3173
  - The calculation was used only at print subscribers activity dashboard, the impact should be minimal.
- Added extracted implementation of `SubscriptionScenarioConditionModel` from `Crm\ScenariosModule\Events\ConditionCheckEventHandler`. remp/crm#1409

### [UpgradesModule]

- Changed template variable `$user` to `$userRow`, fixing type mismatch in `UpgradePresenter`. remp/crm#3135
- Fixed possible XSS vulnerability and enabled proactively-before-disabled escaping of values. remp/crm#1794

### [UsersModule]

- Added `GooglePresenter` action `actionCodeSignIn` (at `/users/google/code-sign-in`), for processing Google authorization code retrieved via popup UX mode.
    - For more details, see https://developers.google.com/identity/oauth2/web/guides/use-code-model.
- Added `uuid` column into `users` table. Missing data for actual users have to generate by command `user:generate_uuid_for_users` and for new will be prefilled automatically. remp/novydenik#1215
- Removed constraint of linking a single connected account of same type to single user. remp/crm#3105
    - Removed unique DB index on  `user_id` and `type` columns in `user_connected_accounts`.
    - Adjusted UI in `/users/users/settings` to be able to link multiple accounts.
- Added more data to personal data export. remp/crm#3122
- Changed template variable `$user` to `$userRow`, fixing type mismatch in `UserAdminPresenter` and `AdressAdminPresenter`. remp/crm#3135
- Added login attempts data to user data download. remp/helpdesk#2621
- Added the prevention of multiple submits of user deleting form. remp/crm#2949
- Added Redis cache to DeviceDetector. remp/helpdesk#2667
- Fixed possible authentication of unclaimed users on the level of `UserAuthenticator`; it's not responsibility of single authenticators anymore. remp/crm#3133
- Fixed possible XSS vulnerability and enabled proactively-before-disabled escaping of values. remp/crm#1794
- Fixed unclaimed user sign in via SSO (Google/Apple). remp/crm#3133
- Added scenario criteria `UserGroupsCriteria` to check if user is in user group. remp/respekt#178
- Added extracted implementation of `UserScenarioConditionModel` from `Crm\ScenariosModule\Events\ConditionCheckEventHandler`. remp/crm#1409
- Added user's UUID to the response of relevant login API handlers. remp/dn-mofa#538

---

[AdminModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-admin-module/
[ApiModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-api-module/
[AppleAppstoreModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-apple-appstore-module
[ApplicationModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-application-module/
[ClvModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-clv-module/
[CouponModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-coupon-module/
[DashboardModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-dashboard-module/
[FamilyModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-family-module/
[GiftsModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-gifts-module/
[GooglePlayBillingModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-google-play-billing-module/
[GoPayModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-gopay-module
[InvoicesModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-invoices-module/
[IssuesModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-issues-module/
[OnboardingModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-onboarding-module/
[PaymentsModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-payments-module/
[PrintModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-print-module/
[PrivatBankarModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-privatbankar-module/
[ProductsModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-products-module/
[RempCampaignModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-remp-campaign-module/
[RempMailerModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-remp-mailer-module/
[RempPythiaModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-remp-pythia-module/
[SalesFunnelModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-salesfunnel-module/
[ScenariosModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-scenarios-module/
[SegmentModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-segment-module/
[SlspSporopayModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-slsp-sporopay-module/
[StripeModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-stripe-module/
[SubscriptionsModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-subscriptions-module/
[UpgradesModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-upgrades-module
[UsersModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-users-module/
[VubEplatbyModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-vub-eplatby-module/
[WordpressModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-wordpress-module/
[WalletPayModule]: https://github.com/remp2020/crm-wallet-pay-module/

[Release label]: https://gitlab.com/remp/crm/issues?label_name[]=release
[3.2.0]: https://gitlab.com/remp/crm/compare/3.1.0...3.2.0
