### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- Refactored code which uses deprecated `cid` within recurrent payments to use a new payment methods relation. remp/crm#3221
- Fixed registration and payload params of `/api/v2/apple-appstore/verify-purchase` API endpoint.
- Added handling (no action) for `CONSUMPTION_REQUEST` and `REFUND_DECLINED` notifications. remp/crm#3162

### [ApplicationModule]

- Changed `|activeLabel` and `|helpIcon` Latte filters to indicate their HTML content type. There's no further need to use `|noescape` filter with them. remp/crm#3319
- Changed initialization of CRM's DB Selection to comply with framework changes making `Selection::$explorer` readonly.

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- Fixed deprecated usage of `RecurrentPaymentsRepository::add()` without 'paymentMethod' parameter. remp/crm#3221
- Refactored code which use deprecated `cid` within recurrent payments to use a new payment methods relation. remp/crm#3221

### [InvoicesModule]

- Added `InvoicesRepository::updateItems` method to regenerate invoice items based on a payment. remp/crm#3121

### [PaymentsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Removed use of deprecated `IUserGetter`. Using `UserEventInterface` instead. remp/crm#3313
- **BREAKING**: Method `RecurrentPaymentsRepository::add(...)` was renamed to `::addV1(...)`. Adjust your actual code to call this deprecated method or implement newer implementation of the method `::add(...)` remp/crm#3221
  - **IMPORTANT**: Migration `migrate_payment_methods` could take time, depending on the size of your `recurrent_payments` table. Consider to run it at off-peak times.
  - **IMPORTANT**: After the first deploy it's necessary to run `payments:migrate_payment_methods` command to make sure that all payment methods are correctly migrated.
- **DEPRECATED**: Deprecated usage of `cid` column within `recurrent_payments` table. Use `payment_method_id` reference with `external_token` column instead. remp/crm#3221
- Fixed resolving next subscription type in `AttachRenewalPaymentEventHandler`. Handler should check for default subscription with same length and content access and `subscription_type->next_subscription_type_id` after. remp/helpdesk#2993
- Added ability to force `count` in `DonationPaymentItem`. remp/crm#3272
- Added new `payment_methods` table to be able to manage payment methods apart of the recurrent payments. remp/crm#3221
- Refactored code which use deprecated `cid` within recurrent payments to use a new payment methods relation. remp/crm#3221
- Removed autologin functionality from `ReturnPresenter`, as login is already performed during the submission of the sales funnel payment window. remp/respekt#245
- Added new options to command `payments:calculate_averages`. remp/crm#3193
  - Option `--subscription_period` sets number of days in a single period for which the calculation is executed. Can be configured also in neon config - use `setSubscriptionPeriod(28)` in setup directive of `paymentsCalculateAveragesCommand`.
  - Option `--minimal_subscription_length` sets minimal length of subscription types that will be included in calculation of `avg_month_payment`. Can be configured also in neon config - use `setMinimalSubscriptionLength(2)` in setup directive of `paymentsCalculateAveragesCommand`.
  - Option `--calculation_period` sets number of days for which payments should be taken into account. Can be configured also in neon config - use `setCalculationPeriod(365)` in setup directive of `paymentsCalculateAveragesCommand`.
  - Option `--segment_code` allows to calculate averages only for users from provided segment.
- Added ability to set renewal payment for subscription. remp/respekt#303
- Added option to filter payments by PayPal ID to universal search and payments filter. remp/crm#3259
- Fixed resolving next subscription type for recurrent trial periods. remp/helpdesk#3016

### [PrintModule]

- Added `PrintExportScheduleInterface` (and simple implementation `PrintExportSchedule`). remp/crm#3177
  - Can be used in commands (and other services) to handle schedule of print exports.
- Fixed duplication of export files in the list of exports. remp/crm#3177
  - If export files are found through file pattern config, do not look for them with simple `$type-$date` pattern (legacy implementation before `FilePatternConfig` was added). Otherwise we would display same export files twice.
- Added `ClaimsAdmin:show` view to display info about print claim. remp/respekt#293
- Added `claim_type` column to `print_claims` table. remp/respekt#293
  - Possible column values are stored in class `ClaimType`.
- Added address delete event to `UserChangeAddressRequests` widget. remp/crm#3299
- Added new `admin.user.detail.print_export_state` widget placeholder. remp/respekt#308

### [ProductsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added migration that changes type of `vat` column in `products` table from `int` to `decimal(10,2)`. remp/crm#3277
- Fixed do not show eshop info and link in digital books library if there is no shop host url. remp/respekt#300
- Added new options to command `products:calculate_averages`. remp/crm#3193
  - Option `--period` sets period for which payments should be taken into account. Eg. `P2Y` will use only payments in the last two years. Can be configured also in neon config - use `setPeriod('P2Y)` in setup directive of `productsCalculateAveragesCommand`.
  - Option `--segment_code` allows to calculate averages only for users from provided segment.

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- Fixed convert `address_id` value to integer in `SalesFunnelFrontendPresenter::renderSubmit`. remp/respekt#271
- Fixed admin user log-in when submitting purchase in `SalesFunnelFrontendPresenter`. remp/respekt#245

### [SegmentModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Added segment widget metrics (widget-based) recalculation when segments are recalculated by command `segment:actualize_counts`. remp/crm#3193
  - Added flag `--no_widgets`. If this option is used, command will not recalculate statistics for widgets visible on the segment detail screen, only the number of people within the segment. Use this flag if you want to keep previous behavior.
- Added segment code into exception thrown when `segment:actualize_counts` command fails to recalculate segment. remp/crm#3331
- Added show action to deleted segments list which shows disabled edit form version 1. remp/crm#2107
  - Forced redirect from segment detail to edit if the segment is deleted.

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Removed use of deprecated `IUserGetter`. Using `UserEventInterface` instead. remp/crm#3313
- Added ability to force `count` in `SubscriptionTypePaymentItem`. remp/crm#3272
- Changed `|typeContent` and `|typeLabel` Latte filters to indicate their HTML content type. There's no further need to use `|noescape` filter with them. remp/crm#3319
- Added ability to ignore given content access subscriptions in `ExtendLastExtension`. remp/helpdesk#3079

### [UpgradesModule]

- Refactored code which use deprecated `cid` within recurrent payments to use a new payment methods relation. remp/crm#3221
- Added experimental support for trial upgrades. remp/crm#3322
    - Upgrade will create parallel subscription of target subscription type and defers the actual upgrade to the end of the trial period.
    - To register it, you need to create your own landing page which would use new upgrade option and register the upgrader in the config:
    ```neon
    services:
        upgraderFactory:
            setup:
                - registerUpgrader(\Crm\UpgradesModule\Models\Upgrade\TrialUpgrade())
    ```
- Changed that `PaidRecurrentUpgrade` doesn't override reference to parent payment in `recurrent_payments` table when doing upgrade. remp/helpdesk#3016
  - This allows following references to previous recurrent payments even if subscription upgrade happens along the way. It can be useful e.g. when counting trial subscription periods.

### [UsersModule]

- **BREAKING**: Removed deprecated `IUserGetter`. Use `UserEventInterface` instead. remp/crm#3313
  - Changed signature of `UserMetaEvent`. Expecting `ActiveRow $user` instead of `int $userId`.
- Changed `|userLabel` and `|gravatar` Latte filters to indicate their HTML content type. There's no further need to use `|noescape` filter with them. remp/crm#3319
- Added verification if user is deleted before creating new access token. remp/crm#3274
- Added missing foreign key `countries->country_id` to `address_change_requests` table. remp/crm#3127
- Refactored difference check in `AddressChangeRequestsRepository` to its own method so it can be used outside of repository. remp/crm#3127
