### [ApiModule]

- Changed `ApiTokensRepository` to use new `DatabaseTransaction` API. remp/crm#3330

### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- Changed `VerifyPurchaseV2ApiHandler` to handle only `AUTO_RENEWABLE` product type transactions. remp/respekt#273

### [ApplicationModule]

- **BREAKING**: Updated `twig/twig` to v3. remp/crm#3343
  - This version removes features deprecated in v2 and adds some new deprecations, which will be removed in v4.
  - We recommend that you go through the [`v2` deprecations](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/2.x/deprecated.html) and [v3 deprecations](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/deprecated.html) and verify, that you don't use the listed features (primarily in sales funnels).
- **BREAKING**: Removed not used columns from `calendar` table. remp/crm#3337
  - Columns are removed without a replacement. If you use them, replace them with your own logic / native PHP formatter.
- **IMPORTANT**: Added new extended implementation of Hermes\Emitter `Crm\ApplicationModule\Hermes\TransactionEmitter` which supports delaying event emitting until transaction commit or throwing events emitted during the transaction away if the transaction was rolled back. remp/crm#2218
- **IMPORTANT**: Added new `DatabaseTransaction` wrapper which allows to nest transactions even with start/commit/rollback function calls. remp/crm#3330
  - Added callbacks `onCommit` and `onRollback`. (example usage: to be able to delay event dispatching during transaction)
  - `DatabaseTransaction` is now implemented within `ReplicaManager` which forces all queries to be executed on the primary database during transaction.
  - It is recommended to update transactions to use new `DatabaseTransaction` API (directly via DI or via `Repository->getTransaction()`) to ensure correct transaction handling within nested transactions. remp/crm#3330
- Updated Font Awesome to v6 in the default frontend layouts. remp/crm#2936
- Fixed duplication of query calls if primary database enforce flag was set. remp/crm#3342
- Removed useless property assign in `AuditLogRepository`. remp/crm#3330
- Fixed `ApplicationConfig` to read config entry from the database when it's not present in cache yet. remp/crm#3347

### [FamilyModule]

- Fixed recurrent payments VAT resolving - previously, VAT changes were ignored, now current VAT of subscription type items is always used. remp/helpdesk#3159
- Fixed Subscription Transfer provider which wrongly evaluated slave subscriptions which belonged to customizable master subscription type. remp/crm#3294

### [GiftsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Updated frontend icons used in the module to Font Awesome v6. remp/crm#2936
    - If you have registered your own frontend layout, please update your font awesome to the latest v6 version.
- Added generic event for scenarios allowing the gift donor to be notified in scenarios. remp/respekt#319

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- Added purchase type validation to `VerifyPurchaseApiHandler`. Handler allows only subscription purchases. remp/respekt#273

### [IssuesModule]

- Removed useless property assign in `IssueBaseRepository`. remp/crm#3330

### [InvoicesModule]

- **BREAKING**: Updated frontend icons used in the module to Font Awesome v6. remp/crm#2936
    - If you have registered your own frontend layout, please update your font awesome to the latest v6 version.
- Added `EuVatValidator`, for validating EU Vat IDs using VIES. remp/crm#3284
- Added `vat_id_consultations` DB table. remp/crm#3284
- Added `VatModeDataProvider`, which uses new `VatModeDetector` for selecting user VAT mode (see `VatProcessor` in `PaymentsModule` for details). remp/crm#3284
- Changed `InvoicesRepository` to use new `DatabaseTransaction` API. remp/crm#3330

### [PaymentsModule]

- **IMPORTANT** - Added support for VAT modes (B2B, B2B reverse-charge and B2C modes), processed by `VatProcessor` class. remp/crm#3284
  - Payment VAT is be modified depending on a selected mode. VAT changes are applied just before saving or updating the payment in `PaymentsRepository`.
  - Current `VatProcessor` always selects B2C mode as a default mode.
  - To choose a different mode for the user, implement `VatModeDataProviderInterface` data provider.
  - When using `PaymentsModule` together with CRM `InvoicesModule`, it implements this interface in `VatModeDataProvider` class. Correct VAT mode is selected depending on user invoice address.
- Fixed type error when editing payment with items without link to subscription type item. remp/respekt#317
- Added anonymization of recurrent payments cid. remp/crm#3268
  - Added handle anonymize cid-s in `RecurrentPaymentsUserDataProvider`.
  - Added `CancellableTokenInterface` which defines methods for payment gateways which support payment cid (external_token) anonymization.
  - Implemented `cancelToken` method in `Comfortpay` payment gateway.
- Changed `PaymentItemsRepository` and `ChangePaymentSubscriptionTypeFormFactory` to use new `DatabaseTransaction` API. remp/crm#3330
- Fixed possibly broken admin payments filter if the filter data provider joined the table with ambiguous column names. remp/crm#3351
- Changed type of `$amountFrom` and `$amountTo` parameters in `ParsedMailLogsRepository::all` from `int` to `float` to avoid losing the precision. remp/crm#3356
- Added command `payments:change_vat` to handle VAT rate change. remp/crm#3357

### [PrintModule]

- **BREAKING**: Updated frontend icons used in the module to Font Awesome v6. remp/crm#2936
    - If you have registered your own frontend layout, please update your font awesome to the latest v6 version.

### [ProductsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of `PostalFeeConditionInterface::isReached` method. Parameter `$value` is now optional. remp/respekt#320
    - If you implement `PostalFeeConditionInterface`, alter your implementation of `isReached` method to accept nullable `$value`.
- Updated Font Awesome to v6 in the default frontend layout. remp/crm#2936
- Change country postal fee condition - configuration value is now optional and used only when required by the implementation. remp/respekt#320
- Changed `OrdersRepository` and `CountryPostalFeesFormFactory` to use new `DatabaseTransaction` API. remp/crm#3330
- Removed brand name "Denník N" from translation strings. remp/novydenik#1316
- Added command `products:change_vat` to handle VAT rate change. remp/crm#3357

### [RempMailerModule]

- Added command to subscribe users of segment to selected newsletter. remp/respekt#301

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- Fixed convert `address_id` value to integer in `SalesFunnelFrontendPresenter::renderSubmit`. remp/respekt#271
- Changed `SalesFunnelTagsRepository` to use new `DatabaseTransaction` API. remp/crm#3330
- Refactored `SalesFunnelFrontendPresenter::validateFunnel` to call `BasePresenter::onlyLoggedIn` instead of redirecting to custom login page. remp/crm#3288

### [ScenariosModule]:

- Changed `ScenariosRepository` to use new `DatabaseTransaction` API. remp/crm#3330

### [SegmentModule]

- Fixed `isIn` segment check crashing in case tested column was requested with prefix (e.g. `users.id`) but segment fields were not prefixed (`id, email`). remp/crm3344

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Changed subscription edit form to display only active subscription types. remp/crm#3262
- Changed `SubscriptionTypeTagsRepository` and `SubscriptionTransferConfirmationFormFactory` to use new `DatabaseTransaction` API. remp/crm#3330

### [UpgradesModule]

- **BREAKING**: Updated frontend icons used in the module to Font Awesome v6. remp/crm#2936
    - If you have registered your own frontend layout, please update your font awesome to the latest v6 version.

### [UsersModule]

- Fixed incorrectly escaped header in admin user detail, when showing user who is also an institution. remp/helpdesk#3129
- Changed `UsersRepository`, `UserConnectedAccountsRepository`, `AccessTokensRepository` to use new `DatabaseTransaction` API. remp/crm#3330
