### [ApplicationModule]

- **BREAKING**: Added `iterateTokens` method to the `Crm\ApplicationModule\Models\User\UserDataStorageInterface` interface.
  - If you extend this interface, add empty or default implementation of `iterateTokens`. Method should iterate through all stored tokens in user data storage and call `$callback` for each record with token and its user data.
- Added `application:change_config_value` command for scheduled changes of configs. remp/crm#3357

### [FamilyModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Changed how payment for customizable master subscription keeps reference to child subscription type(s). remp/crm#3350
  - Previously, reference to child subscription was kept in `payment_items` column `subscription_type_id`. This was logically incorrect, since this field should point to master subscription type.
  - The old method is still supported but @deprecated. New payment items are created according to the new rules.
  - This change includes database migration from the previous method the new one.
- Added feature that assigns address to child subscription if it's a recurrent renewal. remp/respekt#348
- Allowed admin users to activate child subscriptions on master subscription owner. remp/respekt#309

### [GiftsModule]

- Added form to add payment with gift subscription from admin. remp/respekt#312
  - Form can be accessed from user's detail screen -> right column with widgets -> Add gift payment.
  - You can remove this widget within your module:
    ```
    $lazyWidgetManager->removeWidget('admin.user.detail.box', GiftSubscriptionAdminButtonWidget::class);
    ```

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- Fixed loading of payments associated with Google Play developer notifications. remp/helpdesk#3246

### [InvoicesModule]

- Added `ChangePaymentCountryDataProvider` to handle invoice within payment country changes. remp/crm#3285
- Changed when reverse-charge VAT mode is applied - if invoice address has valid company VAT ID but no company ID, reverse-charge can be applied. remp/helpdesk#3332

### [PaymentsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Renamed `PaymentsRepository::findByCard` to `PaymentsRepository::findByExternalToken.
    - If you use this method, check your usage and rename the method as well.
- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of `RecurrentPaymentsRepository::add`. remp/crm#3354
    - New parameter `$paymentGateway` was added to explicitly specify recurrent payment's gateway. If not provided, payment's gateway will be used (as until now).
    - Change is breaking because the newly added parameter is not added to the last place. Verify your use of this call.
- Fixed type error in `VatProcessor#paymentItemDefaultVat` method, when returning config value `vat_default` as default VAT. remp/crm#3366
- Changed "attach renewal payment" generic event to use recurrent payment's next subscription type's content access if it's configured for the renewal payment. remp/novydenik#1317
  - If the resolver was about to change content access for the renewal, we want to reflect that change in this generic event as well.
- Added extracted widget for information about payment, refactored & replaced current implementations. remp/crm#3285
- Added a form for changing the payment country, which applies new VAT rates and updates the corresponding invoice if applicable. remp/crm#3285
- Fixed the creation of payment container from payment form in the case of empty value `subscription_type_id` which may be relevant for the payment of gift subscription. remp/helpdesk#3227
- Fixed validation of VAT in payment form (admin) for countries outside of EU. remp/helpdesk#3291
  - VAT for payments from non-member countries should be 0.
  - Affected are only installations with enabled one stop shop.
- Added `BaseSubscriptionDataProviderInterface` used by `RecurrentPaymentsRepository::isStoppedBySubscription` method, used for providing different subscription to check against if recurrent payment has been stopped. remp/helpdesk#3250
- Added `recurrent_payment_ids` option to `UpdateRecurrentPaymentsExpiresCommand` command. remp/helpdesk#3308
- Fixed type sensitive check of the default parameter `amount` of `PaymentsRepository::add()` function. remp/crm#3353
- Added `RecurrentPaymentChargeGatewayFailEvent` triggered when there's a gateway error during charge. remp/crm#3384
  - Event is meant to give custom handlers chance to do extra processing with the exception and prevent the default processing.
- Fixed broken recurrent payment reactivation functionality in admin user detail. remp/helpdesk#3328
- Added a new `BankTransferPaymentApprovalEvent` which allows to implement custom logic for bank transfer payment disapproval. remp/respekt#324
- Added `Comfortpay::getTransactionStatus` method to retrieve status of Comfortpay charge. remp/crm#3402
  - This will be promoted to the whole interface in the future releases.

### [PrintModule]

- Fixed list of print exports - previous years were missing if current year has zero exports. remp/helpdesk#3331

### [ProductsModule]

- **BREAKING**:- Added optional `$payments` parameter to `EbookProviderInterface::getDownloadLinks` method. remp/helpesk#3324
  - Make sure to adjust any implementation of the interface method.
- Added flag for distribution centers if they require licence address for orders. remp/respekt#334
- Fixed possibility of missing country ID in the invoice address. remp/crm#3367
- Added option to filter orders in admin by user's email. remp/respekt#344
- Fixed price computation bug for payments done by `CheckoutFormFactory` in B2B reverse-charge mode. remp/helpdesk#3287

### [ScenariosModule]

- Changed diagram builder library to [reactflow](https://reactflow.dev/). remp/crm#3225

### [SegmentModule]

- Fixed splitting segment fields in `SegmentQuery::buildQuery()`. remp/crm#3344
- Added `SegmentsSizeOverviewStackedGraphWidget` to show segment sizes over time. remp/crm#3253

### [StripeModule]

- Fixed possibility of duplicated intent creation for a single payment.

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Fixed a possible edge case in `PrintSubscribersWithoutPrintAddressWidget` where data was missing due to delayed subscription start. remp/helpdesk#3220
- Changed subscriptions dashboard - moved all charts within dashboard to individual widgets. remp/crm#3253

### [UsersModule]

- **DEPRECATED**: Changed `GoogleSignIn#signInUsingIdToken` method to `getUserUsingIdToken`, the old one is kept but deprecated. remp/crm#3106
- **DEPRECATED**: Deprecated element `hashed_id` returned by `BasicUserDataProvider` and stored into `user_data` Redis key by `UserData::refreshUserTokens()`. Use `uuid` as a unique identifier. remp/crm#3381
- Fixed abusive users filtering crashing if email was used and no user was matched. remp/crm#3361
- Added `isDefault` flag to Address view object (and consequently to `/api/v1/user/addresses` API endpoint as `is_default`). remp/respekt#292
- Fixed missing &times; icon nex to user group in user detail. remp/helpdesk#3210
  - Icon &times; indicates that clicking on group will remove user from this group. Icon was missing because `addSubmit()` had caption set. If caption is set, inserted HTML is ignored.
- Added element `uuid` (column `users.uuid`) into data returned from `BasicUserDataProvider`. remp/crm#3381
