### [AppleAppstoreModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Fixed possible inconsistency in payment notifications to scenarios, events are now emitted with `sendEmail: true` flag. remp/novydenik#1385
  - Payments confirmed via VerifyPurchase API emitted subscription-related triggers with `sendEmail: false` flag.
  - Renewals in most cases emitted the events with `sendEmail: true` flag.
  - You can prevent scenarios to handle these triggers by adding condition check against specific subscription types or "has enabled notifications" condition.
- Added the handling of notification types: `REFUND` and `REFUND_REVERSED`. remp/crm#3162

### [ApplicationModule]

- **BREAKING**: Refactored `SnippetRenderer` with nullable return type and active snippet check. remp/crm#3475
  - Changed return type from `false|string` to `?string` for better type safety.
  - Updated `Snippet` control to check for `null` instead of `false`.
  - Added `string|array` type declarations for `$key` parameters.
- Fixed snippet renderer rendering inactive snippets. remp/crm#3475
- Added `getDefaultCountryIsoPair` method to `CountriesSelectItemsBuilder`. remp/crm#3292
- Added `FormPatterns` class with list of generalized validation regular expressions for form elements. remp/crm#3292
- Added space as allowed character in `FormPatterns::STREET_NAME` pattern. remp/helpdesk#3587
- Fixed possible issue if invalid locale was provided for router. remp/crm#3498

### [GiftsModule]

- Added new event `GiftCouponActivatedEvent` and his emitting after the coupon's activation. remp/respekt#361

### [GooglePlayBillingModule]

- **IMPORTANT**: Fixed possible inconsistency in payment notifications to scenarios, events are now emitted with `sendEmail: true` flag. remp/novydenik#1385
  - Payments confirmed via VerifyPurchase API emitted subscription-related triggers with `sendEmail: false` flag.
  - Renewals in most cases emitted the events with `sendEmail: true` flag.
  - You can prevent scenarios to handle these triggers by adding condition check against specific subscription types or "has enabled notifications" condition.

### [InvoicesModule]

- **BREAKING**: Refactored country form fields to use iso_code as key because of a11y. remp/crm#3292
  - Renamed `country_id` form field to `country` in `ChangeInvoiceDetailsFormFactory`.
- Added `autocomplete` and `pattern` attributes to user facing forms. remp/crm#3292
- Fixed `ChangeInvoiceFormFactory` form to use `country` input instead of `country_id`. remp/helpdesk#3576
- Added `FamilyRequestFormDataProvider` which handles automatic VAT resolution in `RequestFormFactory`. remp/crm#3462
- Fixed `FamilyRequestFormDataProvider` issue where disabled select did not show the correct pre-selected value. remp/helpdesk#3655

### [PaymentsModule]

- Added `payments:fix_payment_method_recurrent_inconsistency` command to fix that payment method used in recurrent payment can belong to a different user than the recurrent payment. remp/crm#3440
  - This inconsistency could have been created when transferring subscriptions between users, when the recurring payment was transferred but the payment method was not.
- Added payment method transfer between users when using subscription transfer feature. remp/crm#3440
- Added `PaymentMethodCopiedEvent` event to emit after payment method copied to another user. remp/crm#3440
- Added support for displaying the renewal amount for active recurrent payments in user payments listing. remp/respekt#389
- Upgraded package `singpolyma/openpgp-php` from v0.6 to v0.7 (which fixed PHP 8.2 deprecation errors).

### [PrintModule]

- **BREAKING**: Refactored country form fields to use iso_code as key because of a11y. remp/crm#3292
  - Renamed `country_id` form field to `country` in `ChangeAddressRequestFormFactory` and `UserPrintAddressFormFactory`.
- Fixed export engine shared meta issue causing non-shared meta to be included in following print subscription records. remp/respekt#417
- Removed option `copy print address` from subscription transfer form. remp/respekt#409
  - Now print address will be copied by default to prevent missing address in the print exports.

### [ProductsModule]

- **BREAKING**: Refactored country form fields to use iso_code as key because of a11y. remp/crm#3292
  - Renamed `shipping_country_id` form field to `shipping_country` in `CheckoutFormFactory`.
  - Renamed `country_id` form field to `country` in `CheckoutFormFactory`.
  - Renamed `shipping_country_id` form field to `shipping_country` in `ShopPresenter`.
- Added `findAllAvailableCountryIsoPairs` method to `CountryPostalFeesRepository`. remp/crm#3292
- Added support for Trustpay modal to shop checkout template. remp/crm#3454
- Refactored CheckoutFormFactory to use payment gateway code instead of id. remp/crm#3454
- Added ability to skip product stock decrease for specific postal fee codes. remp/novydenik#1391
  - Configurable via `config.dennikn_cz.neon` using `setSkippedPostalFees()` method.
- Fixed incorrect selection of country in billing address of checkout form if the billing address already exists. remp/helpdesk#3634

### [RempMailerModule]

- Fixed PHP warning in `ChangeNewsletterSubscriptionsGenericEvent` by adding null check for `mailTypesRepository->all()` method. remp/crm#3473

### [SalesFunnelModule]

- Fixed API definition of listing public payment meta params. remp/helpdesk#3635

### [ScenariosModule]

- **BREAKING**: Changed format of returned array from `BeforeEventGenerator#generate()`. remp/respekt#390
  - (Log) output of `EventGeneratorCommand` (`scenarios:event_generator`) was beautified.
- Added option to unregister scenario generic event registered in another module. remp/respekt#332
- Added context menu to nodes in scenario builder. remp/crm#1274
- Added `renewal_subscription_type` notification parameter for scenarios where `renewal_payment_id` is set. remp/respekt#332
- Added before event trigger "after last subscription ended". remp/respekt#390
  - Event `AfterLastSubscriptionEndedEvent` is triggered after set period of time elapsed from last subscription of user. Time is set by scenario. Event is generated by `scenarios:event_generator`.
- Renamed scenarios' before event node to before/after event node (now it includes also one after event). remp/respekt#390

### [SegmentModule]

- Fixed memory issue when using API to list users of a segment (`/api/v1/user-segments/users`). API is not affected by the size of segment anymore. remp/helpdesk#3567
- Optimized check if record (e.g. user) is member of a segment by utilizing `%WHERE%` placeholder within the segment query. remp/crm#3478
- Added segment query validation. remp/remp#1791
  - Disallowed INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE operations in segment queries.
  - Added configuration option to specify forbidden tables for use in segment queries.

### [SubscriptionsModule]

- Fixed a memory issue when generating a large number of subscriptions. remp/crm#3443
- Added event `AfterLastSubscriptionEndedEvent` which is triggered by scenarios' before event generator `AfterLastSubscriptionEndedEventGenerator`. remp/respekt#390
- Optimized `SubscriptionsPresenter::renderMy()` remp/novydenik#1356
  - Subscriptions are now eager-loaded with `fetchAll()` and passed to the Latte view as a plain array.
  - The template was updated to use `count($subscriptions) / count($subscriptions) === 0`.

### [UpgradesModule]

- Fixed TrialUpgrade not resolving default subscription if `omit_content` config was expected to be used. remp/crm#3489
- Fixed TrialUpgrade not moving recurrent payment charge time during upgrade finalization.

### [UsersModule]

- Refactored `AdminFilterFormData` to use regex instead of like while searching user addresses. remp/crm#3311
- Fixed `AddressFormFactory` form to use `country` input instead of `country_id`. remp/helpdesk#3576
- Fixed `subscriptions.active_paid_accesses` measurement calculation. remp/crm#3464
- Fixed possible address-related warning on user listing. remp/crm#3497
