### [Beam]

- **BREAKING**: Removed auto-enabling of AIRBRAKE error logging in case `AIRBRAKE_ENABLED` is missing. remp/remp#994
- *remplib.js* - added option to track article's `contentType` when tracking pageviews. remp/remp#988
    - **Breaking**: Derived parameter `is_article` in Elastic storage is set to `true` only if value of `contentType` is set to `'article'`. Previously, all tracked articles had `is_article` value set to `true`- this may affect Beam segments that worked with `article: true` rule or users processing `is_article` parameter in raw Elastic data.   
- Refactored beam `CompressAggregations` command to run in chunks because of colliding database transactions with `AggregatePageviewLoadJob` command, which caused deadlock. remp/remp#944
- Added `content_type` filter to the `api/articles/unread` API to exclude unwanted content types. remp/remp#973
- Added support for remplib.js reinitialization, necessary for correct execution in single-page apps. See [README](./Beam/README.md#single-page-applications) for more information. remp/remp#968
- Fixed broken `ArticleSeeder` and `EntitySeeder`.
- Fixed possibility of an error on the articles grids if filter matched too many articles. remp/remp#977
- Added `SameSite=Lax` attribute to all cookies set by `remplib.js`. Missing attribute could possibly lead to issues on Safari, which doesn't defaults to `Lax` like other browsers. remp/remp#957
- [Tracker] Added option to limit tracked time spent for one pageview. Set tracker's ENV variable `TRACKER_TIMESPENT_LIMIT` to desired pageview tracking threshold (in seconds). Helps to filter out tracking of articles opened for too long _(forgotten browser window on different workspace/monitor acts as active in some browsers)_. remp/remp#242
- [Tracker] Added support for canonical URL tracking to complement full URL tracking. If it's not found in the HTML, no canonical URL is stored and only regular URL is tracked. remp/remp#988
- Added tooltip to the user path chart. remp/remp#551
- Updated Docker Telegraf configuration to include `canonical_url` in the concurrents data. This will be necessary in the future to correctly display non-article traffic on the main dashboard. remp/remp#472
- Changed output of `service:elastic-data-retention` Beam command to correctly reflect if index was deleted or not. remp/remp#940
- [Segments] Fixed ignoring of segment's `active` flag in user/browser segment presence API check. remp/remp#1007
  - The bug caused that it was possible to check presence of users/browsers in segments even if the segment was not active.
- Property filter now correctly filters all sections of Beam, not just the main dashboard data. remp/remp#987

### [Campaign]

- **BREAKING**: Removed auto-enabling of AIRBRAKE error logging in case `AIRBRAKE_ENABLED` is missing. remp/remp#994
- Fixed caching of Newsletter rectangle banner, which broke after the recent framework updates and caused configuration not to be available at the time of banner rendering. remp/remp#959
- Changed default stats view to include 30 days of data instead of 2 to allow bigger picture in campaign evaluation by default. remp/remp#969 
- Added support for remplib.js reinitialization, necessary for correct execution in single-page apps. See [README](./Campaign/README.md#single-page-applications) for more information. remp/remp#968
- Fixed unnecessary storing of empty URL/referer filters of "Where to display" section in campaign configuration. remp/remp#975
- Added `SameSite=Lax` attribute to all cookies set by `remplib.js`. Missing attribute could possibly lead to issues on Safari, which doesn't defaults to `Lax` like other browsers. remp/remp#957
- Added `rtmSource` to campaign's custom JS params, so clients can correctly track events without hardcoding the `rtmSource` to some arbitrary value.
- Added support for global campaign/banner variables. See [README](./Campaign/README.md#variables) for more information. remp/remp#972 
- Fixed missing `variables` template param in `BannerController->copy` method. remp/remp#991
- Fixed inefficient querying of campaign active status on campaign listing. remp/remp#1000
- Added support for pageview attributes to showtime request and added ui for configuring pageview attributes to campaign form. See [README](./Campaign/README.md#javascript-snippet) for more information. remp/remp#986
- Added error logging from showtime experiment `showtime.php` into `laravel.log`. remp/remp#994
- Added support for Sentry error logging from showtime experiment `showtime.php`. remp/remp#994

### [Mailer]

- **BREAKING**: Renamed `UrlParserGenerator` to `ArticleUrlParserGenerator`. remp/remp#949
  - Check your configuration if you are registering this generator.
- **BREAKING**: Finalized refactoring of `Remp\MailerModule\Repositories\IConversionsRepository` interface, removed obsolete methods. remp/remp#907
  - Methods `getBatchTemplatesConversions` and `getNonBatchTemplateConversions` were removed, because they encouraged suboptimal (non-time-constrained) implementation.
  - In your implementation replace them with newly added `getBatchTemplatesConversionsSince` and `getNonBatchTemplatesConversionsSince` respectively.
- **BREAKING**: Removed public preview URL specified by template code. remp/remp#581
  - **IMPORTANT**: The database migration can take up to 5-10 minutes, depending on the number of mail templates you currently have. Our testing migration with 100K templates took around 10 minutes.
  - Use replacement public preview URL specified by random string (so it's not guessable).
  - If you need to obtain HTML of email via template code, you can use newly added `/api/v1/mailers/render-template` API.
- Changed encoding of `mail_logs.subject` column to `uft8mb4_unicode_ci` to match encoding of `mail_templates.subject`. remp/remp#984
  - **IMPORTANT**: If you have more then 50M records in the `mail_logs` table, the `MailLogsSubjectEncoding` migration can be time-consuming. Consider raising your deploy timeout limits or mark the migration as complete and run the queries manually. Our testing migration with ~20M records took 3 minutes.
- Added email generator `ShopUrlParserGenerator` to get informations about products. remp/remp#949
- Fixed broken new email template page when no layout or newsletter list was defined.
- Added `SimpleAuthenticator`, which keeps plain list of emails and passwords that are valid to log in. Mailer can use this authenticator (instead of e.g. Sso `Authenticator`) to make it work without an external authentication system.
- Added support for `ignore_content_types` parameter in `UnreadArticlesResolver` used in generated/personalized e-mails. Parameter excludes articles of certain content types and avoids their use in generated e-mails. remp/remp#973
- Added public preview for emails (templates), accessible without authentication. Preview link is accessible in each email detail eg.: _(http://mailer.remp.press/template/show/1)_.  remp/remp#581
- Added API endpoint `/api/v1/mailers/render-template`. Returns a rendered HTML email. remp/remp#581
- Added widget for `ArticleUrlParserGenerator`. remp/remp#946
- Added demo user subscriptions in `demo:seed` command. 
- Added the check of cache to prevent display campaigns to users excluded from campaigns. remp/remp#833
- Fixed job unsubscribe stats inconsistency. remp/remp#993
  - Job detail (left panel) could display unsubscribes for non-related newsletter lists unsubscribed along with the sent newsletter.
- Added `ApplicationStatus` component, displaying online/offline status of Mailer workers. As follow up, `MissingConfiguration` component was removed and its functionality was merged into `ApplicationStatus` component. remp/remp#985
