# 0.29

### Project

- Removed obsolete `python-minimal` from Dockerfile to fix build error. remp/remp#1012

### [Beam]

- Added article content type filter to authors. remp/remp#1001
- Fixed missing search bar on mobile devices. remp/remp#932
- Added support for Redis Sentinel cluster in the app configuration. remp/remp#1035
  - Added new `REDIS_SENTINEL_SERVICE` environment variable to configure name of the Sentinel service. If used, sentinel hosts are expected to be configured in comma-separated `REDIS_URL` environment variable. 
- Added `article_external_id` into response of API call `/api/conversions`. remp/remp#1031
- Added information about article's tags, authors and sections into API call `/api/articles`. remp/remp#1031
- Property filter now correctly filters all sections of Beam, not just the main dashboard data. remp/remp#987

### [Mailer]

- **BREAKING**: Changed mail job batch status `STATUS_READY` to `STATUS_READY_TO_PROCESS_AND_SEND` in `BatchesRepository`. remp/remp#995
  - If you use `STATUS_READY` in your implementation, replace it with `STATUS_READY_TO_PROCESS_AND_SEND`.
- **BREAKING**: Added parameter for `code` attribute of mail type category into `ListCategoriesRepository::add()` method. remp/remp#675
  - The signature of method changed from `(string $title, int $sorting)` to `(string $title, string $code, int $sorting)`. Check your usages of the method and incorporate the changes.
- **BREAKING**: Changed initialization of DI services using Redis. If you use any of the following services, please amend your initialization in your `config.neon`. remp/remp#1035
  - Change `Tomaj\Hermes\Shutdown\PredisShutdown(@redisCache::client())` to `Tomaj\Hermes\Shutdown\PredisShutdown(@redisClientFactory::getClient())`
  - Change `Remp\MailerModule\Hermes\HermesTasksQueue(%redis.host%, %redis.port%, %redis.db%)` to `Remp\MailerModule\Hermes\HermesTasksQueue`
  - Change `Remp\MailerModule\Models\Job\MailCache(%redis.host%, %redis.port%, %redis.db%)` to `Remp\MailerModule\Models\Job\MailCache`
  - Change `Remp\MailerModule\Models\HealthChecker(%redis.host%, %redis.port%, %redis.db%)` to `Remp\MailerModule\Models\HealthChecker`
- **BREAKING**: Removed class `Remp\MailerModule\Models\RedisCache` in favor of `Remp\MailerModule\Models\RedisClientFactory`. remp/remp#1035
  - If you used `RedisCache` in your extensions, replace it with the use of `RedisTrait` and `RedisClientFactory`.
- **BREAKING**: Added flag to include deactivated users into interface method `Remp\MailerModule\Models\Users\IUser::list()`. remp/crm#1392
  - Default state is same as before _(returned only active users)_.
  - This is breaking change because now interface suggests that only active users are returned.
  - If you have own implementation of interface `IUser`, you should add new flag `$includeDeactivated` and handle it accordingly.
- Added new mail job batch status `STATUS_READY_TO_PROCESS`. remp/remp#995
- Added option to process mail job batch and get number of emails that will be sent in that batch. New button added to every mail job batch available when mail job batch is in `created` status. remp/remp#995
- Added `mail:remove-old-batches` command that removes mail job batches in `processed` status older than 24 hours. This prevents from using outdated emails set to send emails. remp/remp#995
- Added the prefilling of from field into ArticleUrlParserWidget after email's type is selected. remp/remp#999
- Fixed Article URL parser generator to ignore blank lines causing NULL requests to parse the URLs. remp/remp#1014  
- Removed obsolete RTM campaign parameter from Article URL parser generator.
- Added support for configuration of welcome email for new newsletter subscription. remp/remp#675
  - Added `subscribe_mail_template_id` into the `mail_types` table. 
  - Added `subscribe_mail_template_code` parameter to the `/api/v1/mailers/mail-type-upsert` API to configure the welcome email. 
  - Added new field for the subscription welcome email in the newsletter edit/create form that provides system emails for selection.
  - Changed signature of `UserSubscriptionsRepository::subscribeUser()` - new `$sendWelcomeEmail` argument was added.
- Added `code` column into the `mail_type_categories` table. Migration will take care of adding codes into the already existing categories. remp/remp#675
  - Added respective `code` attributes for mail type categories in `DatabaseSeedCommand`. 
- Added new emit of `user-subscribed` hermes event when user subscribes to the newsletter. remp/remp#675
- Added optional boolean `send_accompanying_emails` parameter into the `/api/v1/users/subscribe` and `/api/v1/users/bulk-subscribe` API endpoints. remp/remp#675
  - This parameter configures whether the subscription of newsletter should also trigger the welcome (and in the future goodbye) email for the newsletter.
- Changed Hermes `RedisDriver` sleep time from 5 seconds to 1 second. This should speed up some asynchronous operations. remp/crm#2046
- Fixed possible notice caused by missing `source_template_id` in the `ArticleUrlParserTemplateFormFactory`. remp/remp#1024
- Changed implementation of deprecated `Tomaj\NetteApi\Misc\BearerTokenRepositoryInterface` in favor of `Tomaj\NetteApi\Misc\TokenRepositoryInterface`. remp/crm#2052
- Added possibility to send B version of subject from `ArticleUrlParser`. remp/remp#982
- Changed how unique template code is acquired - instead od suffixing numbers, Mailer now appends random string to the end of mail template code. remp/remp#1027
  - All internal parts of Mailer which didn't use this feature and tried to get the code their own way now use provided `TemplatesRepository::getUniqueTemplateCode()` method.
- Removed unused repositories `LogEventsRepository` and `UsersRepository` _(leftovers after separation from CRM)_.
- Added API endpoint `/api/v1/users/delete` to remove all user data for provided email. remp/crm#1392
  - Added helper class `UserManager` with method `deleteUser()` to manage user deletion. remp/crm#1392
- Search bar can be toggled on mobile devices. remp/remp#932
- Improved memory footprint of `Remp\MailerModule\Models\Users\Crm::list` method by decoding JSON in stream. remp/remp#1040
- Added new command `mail:sync-deleted-users` (`SyncDeletedUsersCommand`) to handle deletion of emails which are not present in CRM _(loads users from implementation of `Remp\MailerModule\Models\Users\IUser` interface)_. remp/crm#1392

### [Campaign]

- Fixed missing search bar on mobile devices. remp/remp#932
- Fixed sorting issues on campaigns listing for multi-value columns (sorting was disabled). remp/remp#1034
- Added banner variant and segment filter to campaigns listing. remp/remp#1034
- Added support for Redis Sentinel cluster in the app configuration. remp/remp#1035
  - Added new `REDIS_SENTINEL_SERVICE` environment variable to configure name of the Sentinel service. If used, sentinel hosts are expected to be configured in comma-separated `REDIS_URL` environment variable.
- Fixed banner and campaign listings search. Grid was not able to search within campaign names (which is the main point of this search). remp/remp#1038
- Added `SENTRY_SHOWTIME_SAMPLERATE` env variable to configure sample rate of showtime logs/errors. remp/remp#1029

### [Sso]

- Fixed missing search bar on mobile devices. remp/remp#9322
- Added support for Redis Sentinel cluster in the app configuration. remp/remp#1035
  - Added new `REDIS_SENTINEL_SERVICE` environment variable to configure name of the Sentinel service. If used, sentinel hosts are expected to be configured in comma-separated `REDIS_URL` environment variable.
