### Project

- Bumped reference version of Elasticsearch and Kibana to 7.17.0.

### [Beam]

- Fixed possibly too broad scope of IOTA requests. remp/remp#1050
  - If the articleSelector didn't match any articles, request was made without an `article_id` filter which could cause temporary Elastic unavailability.
- Added option to configure `--step=` of `pageviews:aggregate-articles-views` command to avoid Elasticsearch's _"Trying to create too many buckets"_ error. remp/remp#1050

### [Campaign]

- **BREAKING**: Removed loading `Noto Sans` and `Noto Sans Serif` fonts from campaign banner previews and use default system serif and sans-serif fonts. remp/remp#1041
  - You can change used fonts by adding `font-face` style to `.remp-banner .serif` and `.remp-banner .sans-serif` classes.
- Added custom configuration for `CampaignController::showtime` Sentry sample rate. remp/remp#1029

### [Mailer]

- **BREAKING**: The `/api/v1/mailers/send-email` API now validates context separately for each email address. This is a bugfix, but we label it as breaking because someone could depend on this behavior. remp/crm#2226
  - Previously the handler validated context globally, which was not intentional. It could have prevented a notification with the same context to be sent to different users. This change unifies the behavior with jobs - they checked the email-context pair since the beginning.
- **BREAKING**: Removed obsolete column `is_public` from `mail_types` table also from related code and API call. remp/remp#1061
  - Check your usage of `is_public` column - replace with `public_listing` column or remove.
  - The signature of method `ListsRepository::add()` changed. Check your usages of the method and incorporate the changes.
- Fixed inconsistent `PageMeta` use where constructor allowed to enter nullable values if they weren't present, but getter didn't allow to return them. remp/remp#1055
- Fixed incorrect handling of return values (null vs bool) caused by Nette 3.0 upgrade. remp/remp#1057
- Added checkbox for hiding newsletter from public newsletter settings. remp/remp#1025
- Fixed WP-based generator issue causing unnecessary `<br />` tags being appended to the `<a>` links. remp/remp#1065
- Fixed error in `ArticleUrlParserGenerator` caused by invalid URL. Mailer would crash instead of displaying error to the user. remp/remp#1066
- Added migration to add index on `email` column in `autologin_tokens` table. remp/remp#1067
- Added options to specify `variant_code` in the subscribe/unsubscribe APIs to complement subscription through `variant_id`. remp/crm#2212
